7. Results of the G20 summit (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Results of the G20 summit

Olivier Chastel (President-in-Office of the Council) and Jos Manuel
Barroso (President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Jean-Paul Gauzs, on behalf of the PPE Group, Udo
Bullmann, on behalf of the S&D Group, Marielle De Sarnez, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, and Patrick Le Hyaric, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Georgios
Papanikolaou, Charles Goerens, Nikolaos Salavrakos and Michel Dantin.

The following spoke: Andris Piebalgs (Member of the Commission) and Olivier
Chastel.

The debate closed.

                    (The sitting was suspended at 11.50.)

   (From 11.55 to 12.10, Members gathered for the award of the LUX prize.)

                       (The sitting resumed at 12.10.)

                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President

Martin Schulz made a personal statement on the remarks made by Godfrey
Bloom during the debate that morning. The President reaffirmed the decision
taken by the President of the European Parliament and therefore asked
Godfrey Bloom to apologise to the House or leave the Chamber. As Godfrey
Bloom refused to apologise or leave the Chamber, the President asked the
House whether he should leave the Chamber. The House approved this
proposal.

Nigel Farage spoke on behalf of the EFD Group.

The President asked Godfrey Bloom to leave the Chamber and said that, if he
refused, he would ask for him to be excluded under Rule 152(3).

Joseph Daul asked Godfrey Bloom to accept the House's decision.

Under Rule 152(4), the President suspended the sitting for a few minutes,
during which time Godfrey Bloom left the Chamber.

                                      
                                      

Christian Ehler, Chair of the Delegation for relations with the Korean
Peninsula, spoke on the artillery attack by North Korea against a South
Korean island the previous day.

Barry Madlener again raised the question of the incident that had just
taken place. The President repeated the remarks made by Godfrey Bloom
during that morning's debate and said that the matter would be dealt with
by the Bureau.

Bruno Gollnisch protested about the decision.


