17. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0655/2010).

Question 15 (Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?): Protecting women's health.
John Dalli (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Vilija Blinkevi?i?t? and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.

Question 16 (Tiziano Motti): European Parliament declaration of 23 June
2010 on setting up a European early warning system (EWS) for paedophiles
and sex offenders.
Lszl Andor (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Tiziano Motti, Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke and Georgios
Papanikolaou.

Question 17 (Barbara Matera): Young people and the labour market.
Lszl Andor answered the question and supplementaries by Barbara Matera,
Nikolaos Chountis and Sen Kelly.

Question 18 (Marc Tarabella): Gender equality in decision-making.
Viviane Reding (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Marc Tarabella, Mairead McGuinness and Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Question 19 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Costs for Member States arising from
interpretation, translation and information rights in criminal proceedings.
Viviane Reding answered the question and supplementaries by Georgios
Papanikolaou and Brian Crowley.

Question 25 (Jim Higgins): Enlargement of the EU to include Turkey.
?tefan Fle (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Jim Higgins and Sen Kelly.


The following spoke: Bernd Posselt, on the conduct of Question Time.

Question 24 (Bernd Posselt): Cooperation between Vojvodina and eastern
Croatia.
Question 26 (Georgios Koumoutsakos): The rise of an increasingly virulent
form of nationalism in Albania and its prospects of EU accession.
?tefan Fle answered the questions and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt,
Georgios Koumoutsakos and Justas Vincas Paleckis.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

The following spoke: Barry Madlener on the conduct of Question Time.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.40 and resumed at 21.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Lszl T?KS
                               Vice-President


