12. Situation in Belarus (debate)

Statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy: Situation in Belarus

Catherine Ashton (Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy) made the statement.

The following spoke: Jacek Protasiewicz, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Kristian Vigenin, on behalf of the S&D Group, who also replied to a blue-
card question from Marek Henryk Migalski, Kristiina Ojuland, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, and Heidi Hautala, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.

                      IN THE CHAIR: Stavros LAMBRINIDIS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Ryszard Czarnecki, on behalf of the ECR Group, Helmut
Scholz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the
EFD Group, Traian Ungureanu, Justas Vincas Paleckis, Gerben-Jan Gerbrandy,
Werner Schulz, Marek Henryk Migalski, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, Richard Howitt,
Elisabeth Schroedter, Edvard Ko?u?nk and Jacek Olgierd Kurski.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Sen Kelly,
Andrzej Grzyb, Kyriakos Mavronikolas, Charles Tannock, Alfreds Rubiks,
Andreas Mlzer, Jaros?aw Kalinowski, Elena B?sescu, Krzysztof Lisek, Peter
??astn, Sari Essayah and Piotr Borys.

The following spoke: Catherine Ashton.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Elmar Brok, Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Ioannis Kasoulides,
Jacek Protasiewicz, Laima Liucija Andrikien?, Elena B?sescu, Piotr Borys,
Michael Gahler, Andrzej Grzyb, Gunnar Hkmark, Tunne Kelam, Lena Kolarska-
Bobi?ska, Krzysztof Lisek, Cristian Dan Preda, Ria Oomen-Ruijten, Jacek
Saryusz-Wolski, Peter ??astn, Lszl T?ks, Traian Ungureanu, Corien
Wortmann-Kool, Pawe? Zalewski and El?bieta Katarzyna ?ukacijewska, on
behalf of the PPE Group, on the situation in Belarus (B7-0044/2011);

- Adrian Severin, Kristian Vigenin, Justas Vincas Paleckis, Marek Siwiec
and Richard Howitt, on behalf of the S&D Group, on the situation in Belarus
(B7-0046/2011);

- Kristiina Ojuland, Marietje Schaake, Leonidas Donskis, Johannes Cornelis
van Baalen, Alexander Graf Lambsdorff and Gerben-Jan Gerbrandy, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, on the situation in Belarus (B7-0047/2011);

- Charles Tannock, Marek Henryk Migalski, Konrad Szyma?ski, Edvard
Ko?u?nk, Ryszard Antoni Legutko, Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski, Adam Bielan,
Tomasz Piotr Por?ba, Ryszard Czarnecki, Janusz Wojciechowski, Miros?aw
Piotrowski, Jacek Olgierd Kurski and Tadeusz Cyma?ski, on behalf of the ECR
Group, on the situation in Belarus (B7-0053/2011);

- Helmut Scholz, Rui Tavares, Marisa Matias, Marie-Christine Vergiat and
Cornelia Ernst, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the presidential
elections in Belarus (B7-0055/2011);

- Rebecca Harms, Elisabeth Schroedter, Werner Schulz and Heidi Hautala, on
behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the situation in Belarus (B7-0057/2011).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 20.1.2011, item 7.3.

