5. Programme of activities of the Hungarian presidency of the Council
(debate)

Council and Commission statements: Programme of activities of the Hungarian
presidency of the Council

The President gave a brief introduction. He asked the members of the
Verts/ALE Group to remove the placards that they had displayed in the
Chamber.

Viktor Orbn (President-in-Office of the Council) and Jos Manuel Barroso
(President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group, Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group, Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Lajos Bokros,
on behalf of the ECR Group, Lothar Bisky, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
Nigel Farage, on behalf of the EFD Group, and Krisztina Morvai, Non-
attached Member.

                   IN THE CHAIR: Rodi KRATSA-TSAGAROPOULOU
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Hannes Swoboda to put a blue-card question to
Krisztina Morvai, who replied, dm Ksa, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Alexander
Graf Lambsdorff, Judith Sargentini, Jacek Olgierd Kurski, Jaroslav Pa?ka,
Csand Szegedi, Werner Langen, who also replied to a blue-card question
from Rebecca Harms, Monika Fla?kov Be?ov, Adina-Ioana V?lean, Peter van
Dalen, Mario Mauro, Edit Herczog, Marielle De Sarnez, Jean-Pierre Audy,
Juan Fernando Lpez Aguilar, who also replied to a blue-card question from
Alejo Vidal-Quadras, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, Glenis Willmott, Lvia Jrka,
Jrg Leichtfried, Paulo Rangel, Kristian Vigenin, Ernst Strasser, Victor
Bo?tinaru and Wim van de Camp.

                          IN THE CHAIR: Jerzy BUZEK
                                  President

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Lszl T?ks,
Hannes Swoboda, Ivo Vajgl, Emilie Turunen and Othmar Karas.

The following spoke: Maro? ?ef?ovi? (Vice-President of the Commission) and
Viktor Orbn.

The following spoke: Martin Schulz and Daniel Cohn-Bendit, who both made a
personal statement following Viktor Orbn's speech, and Gerard Batten on
the conduct of the debate (the President replied to Gerard Batten).

The debate closed.



                         IN THE CHAIR: Diana WALLIS
                               Vice-President


