11. Resettlement of Guantnamo prisoners - Alleged use of European
countries by the CIA for the transport and illegal detention of prisoners
(debate)

Council and Commission statements: Resettlement of Guantnamo prisoners

Council and Commission statements: Alleged use of European countries by the
CIA for the transport and illegal detention of prisoners

Alexandr Vondra (President-in-Office of the Council) made the statement on
the resettlement of Guantnamo prisoners.

Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission) made the statements on
the resettlement of Guantnamo prisoners and on the alleged use of European
countries by the CIA for the transport and illegal detention of prisoners.

Alexandr Vondra made the statement on the alleged use of European countries
by the CIA for the transport and illegal detention of prisoners.

The following spoke: Hartmut Nassauer, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, and
Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Marek SIWIEC
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Konrad
Szyma?ski, on behalf of the UEN Group, Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg, on
behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Gabriele Zimmer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, Nils Lundgren, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Koenraad Dillen, Non-
attached Member, Nils Lundgren on the allocation of speaking time, Urszula
Gacek, Claudio Fava, Sarah Ludford, Miros?aw Mariusz Piotrowski, Cem
zdemir, Willy Meyer Pleite, Bruno Gollnisch, Carlos Coelho, Jan Marinus
Wiersma, Ignasi Guardans Camb, Hlne Flautre, Jas Gawronski, Stavros
Lambrinidis, Marco Cappato, Ral Romeva i Rueda, Marian-Jean Marinescu,
Wolfgang Kreissl-Drfler, Anneli Jtteenmki, Elmar Brok, Ana Maria Gomes,
Panayiotis Demetriou, Javier Moreno Snchez and Bogus?aw Sonik.

                          IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Ria Oomen-Ruijten.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Ioannis
Varvitsiotis, Genowefa Grabowska, Marie Anne Isler Bguin, Colm Burke, Ioan
Mircea Pa?cu, Zuzana Roithov, Armando Frana, Charles Tannock, Alexandru
Nazare, Reinhard Rack, Ville Itl and Zbigniew Zaleski.

The following spoke: Alexandr Vondra and Jacques Barrot.

The debate closed.

Resettlement of Guantnamo prisoners

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 103(2):
- Urszula Gacek, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the resettlement of
prisoners at Guantnamo (B6-0066/2009)

- Martin Schulz and Claudio Fava, on behalf of the PSE Group, on the return
and resettlement of the Guantnamo detention facility inmates (B6-
0069/2009)

- Sarah Ludford, Ignasi Guardans Camb, Marco Cappato and Anneli
Jtteenmki, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Monica Frassoni, Daniel Cohn-
Bendit, Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg, Jean Lambert, Ral Romeva i Rueda, Cem
zdemir and Hlne Flautre, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Giusto
Catania, Sylvia-Yvonne Kaufmann, Miguel Portas, Vittorio Agnoletto, Jens
Holm and Willy Meyer Pleite, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on Guantnamo
(B6-0070/2009)

Vote: minutes of 04.02.2009, item 7.3.
Alleged use of European countries by the CIA for the transport and illegal
detention of prisoners

The motions for resolutions to be tabled under Rule 103(2) would be
announced in the House at a later time.

Vote: next part-session.


