13. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0006/2009).

Part one
Question 33 (Armando Frana): Award procedures for public works, public
supply, and public service contracts in the field of defence and security.
Charlie McCreevy (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Armando Frana and Mairead McGuinness.

Question 34 (David Martin): EU-Israel trade relations.
Siim Kallas (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by David Martin, Jim Allister and Reinhard Rack.

Question 35 (Bogus?aw Sonik): Internet safety programme.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Bogus?aw Sonik,
Jrg Leichtfried and Paul Rbig.


Part two
Question 36 (Ingeborg Grle): Special adviser Richard Boomer and the
Heysel site.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Ingeborg Grle
and Markus Pieper.

Question 37 (Liam Aylward): Euro note and coin counterfeiting.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Liam Aylward,
Manolis Mavrommatis and Gay Mitchell.

Question 38 (Gay Mitchell): Efficient spending of the EU budget.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Gay Mitchell,
Justas Vincas Paleckis and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.

Question 39 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Agreements with Andean Community
countries.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina
Ortega and Reinhard Rack.

Question 40 (Avril Doyle): The removal of the PMOI from the EU's Terrorist
List.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Avril Doyle and
Andreas Mlzer.

Question 41 (Sen  Neachtain): Future EU-Iceland relations.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Sen  Neachtain,
Andreas Mlzer and Avril Doyle.

Question 50 (Marian Harkin): Demography report.
Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Marian Harkin.

Question 52 (Brian Crowley): Poverty in the European Union.
Vladimr ?pidla answered the question and a supplementary by Eoin Ryan
(deputising for the author).

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.30 and resumed at 21.00.)

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President


