13. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0316/2007).

Question 1 had been deemed inadmissible (Annex II, part A, point 2, to the
Rules of Procedure).

Question 2 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Prospects for the Galileo project.
Manuel Lobo Antunes (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the
question and supplementaries by Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u and Josu Ortuondo
Larrea.


Question 3 (Bernd Posselt): Constitutional reform in Bosnia and
Herzegovina.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Bernd
Posselt and Richard Seeber.


Question 4 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Measures to increase
innovation.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Justas Vincas Paleckis and Paul Rbig.


Question 5 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Developments in Kosovo.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Dimitrios
Papadimoulis and Bernd Posselt.


Question 6 (Philip Claeys): Kazakhstan's candidacy for the OSCE presidency.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Koenraad
Dillen (deputising for the author).

Question 7 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 8 (Robert Navarro): Bluefin tuna fishing in the Mediterranean.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Josu
Ortuondo Larrea (deputising for the author), Richard Seeber and Rosa
Migulez Ramos.


Question 9 (Chris Davies): Making EU laws in public.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Chris
Davies.


Question 10 (Ryszard Czarnecki): Situation in Afghanistan.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Ryszard
Czarnecki and Paul Rbig.


Question 11 (Eoin Ryan): EU response to stop organised crime in Europe.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Eoin Ryan
and Jim Allister.


Question 12 (Sen  Neachtain): Road safety.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Sen 
Neachtain.


Question 13 (Brian Crowley): The accession of Croatia into the European
Union.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Brian
Crowley.


Question 14 (Liam Aylward): Climate change.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Brian
Crowley (deputising for the author).


Question 15 (Leopold Jzef Rutowicz): Pakistani military assets.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Leopold
Jzef Rutowicz.


Questions 16 and 17 lapsed as their authors were absent.

Question 18 (Mairead McGuinness): European Union Solidarity Fund.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Mairead
McGuinness.


Question 19 (Bill Newton Dunn): Making peace in the Middle East.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question.


The following spoke: Bill Newton Dunn.

Question 20 (Gay Mitchell): Member State seat allocations in the European
Parliament.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Gay
Mitchell.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).


Question 31 had been deemed inadmissible (Annex II, part A, point 2, to the
Rules of Procedure).
Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.35 and resumed at 21.00.)

                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President


