2. Immigration - Legal migration - Policy priorities in the fight against
illegal immigration of third-country nationals (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Immigration

Report on the policy plan on legal migration [2006/2251(INI)] - Committee
on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Lilli Gruber (A6-
0322/2007)

Report on policy priorities in the fight against illegal immigration of
third-country nationals [2006/2250(INI)] - Committee on Civil Liberties,
Justice and Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Javier Moreno Snchez (A6-0323/2007)

Manuel Lobo Antunes (President-in-Office of the Council) and Franco
Frattini (Vice-President of the Commission) made the statements.

Lilli Gruber introduced the report (A6-0322/2007).

Javier Moreno Snchez introduced the report (A6-0323/2007).

The following spoke: Manolis Mavrommatis (draftsman of the opinion of the
DEVE Committee), Maria Badia i Cutchet (draftsman of the opinion of the
CULT Committee), Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou (draftsman of the opinion
of the FEMM Committee), Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, and
Claudio Fava, on behalf of the PSE Group.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Grard ONESTA
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Cristiana
Muscardini, on behalf of the UEN Group, Jean Lambert, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Giusto Catania, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Roger
Knapman, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Alessandro Battilocchio, Non-
attached Member, Mikel Irujo Amezaga, who reported a problem in the
interpretation into Spanish and raised the issue of the rules in force
governing languages in Parliament (see Minutes of 26.09.2007, Item 1),
Alfredo Antoniozzi, Brbara Dhrkop Dhrkop, Jeanine Hennis-Plasschaert,
Mario Borghezio, Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg, Nils Lundgren, Marine Le Pen,
Irena Belohorsk, Patrick Gaubert, Martine Roure, Jean-Marie Cavada,
Roberts Z?le, Hlne Flautre, Pedro Guerreiro, Patrick Louis, Jim Allister,
Jzsef Szjer, Stavros Lambrinidis, Mogens N.J. Camre, Ral Romeva i Rueda
and Kyriacos Triantaphyllides.

                          IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Manfred Weber, Magda Ksn Kovcs, Simon Busuttil,
Wolfgang Kreissl-Drfler, Agustn Daz de Mera Garca Consuegra, Inger
Segelstrm, Carlos Coelho, Genowefa Grabowska, Barbara Kudrycka, Josep
Borrell Fontelles, Philip Bradbourn, Louis Grech, Libor Rou?ek, Manuel Lobo
Antunes and Franco Frattini.

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 26.09.2007, Item 6.6 and Minutes of 26.09.2007, Item 6.7.
   (The sitting was suspended at 11.45 pending voting time and resumed at
                                   12.00.)

                      IN THE CHAIR: Alejo VIDAL-QUADRAS
                               Vice-President


