14. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0227/2009).

Question 28 (Sarah Ludford): E-Commerce.
Charlie McCreevy (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Sarah Ludford.

Question 29 (Claude Moraes): EU Alzheimer's strategy.
Androulla Vassiliou (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Claude Moraes.

Question 30 (Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou): Impending recession in south-
eastern Europe and implications for the European economy.
Janez Poto?nik (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou.

Question 31 (Gay Mitchell): State aid to non-EU European countries.
Neelie Kroes (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Gay Mitchell.

Question 32 (Zbigniew Krzysztof Ku?miuk): Discrimination against Polish
shipyards in the light of the Commission's decision to approve state aid
for the motor vehicle industry.
Neelie Kroes answered the question and a supplementary by Zbigniew
Krzysztof Ku?miuk.

Question 33 (Giovanna Corda): On-line sale of perfumes, clothing and brand
products.
Neelie Kroes answered the question and supplementaries by Giovanna Corda
and Paul Rbig.

Question 34 (Georgios Papastamkos): State aid for small and medium-sized
enterprises (SMEs).
Neelie Kroes answered the question and supplementaries by Georgios
Papastamkos, Paul Rbig and Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou.

 Question 35 would receive a written answer.

Question 36 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Research and maritime
professions.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and a supplementary by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou.

Question 37 (Emmanouil Angelakas): Evaluation of creativity, innovation and
technological development in Member States.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and supplementaries by Emmanouil
Angelakas and Justas Vincas Paleckis.

Question 38 (Justas Vincas Paleckis): BONUS-169.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and a supplementary by Justas Vincas
Paleckis.

Questions 39 and 40 would receive written answers.

Question 41 (Marian Harkin): Communicating with citizens.
Margot Wallstrm (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and a supplementary by Marian Harkin.

Question 42 (David Martin): The Commission's role and participation in the
upcoming European elections.
Margot Wallstrm answered the question and supplementaries by David Martin
and Marian Harkin.

Questions 43 to 54, 56 to 61 and 63 to 77 would receive written answers
(see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.00 and resumed at 21.05.)

                      IN THE CHAIR: Alejo VIDAL-QUADRAS
                               Vice-President


