16. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0462/2008).

Part one

Question 35 (Mairead McGuinness): Eurozone budget deficit limits.
Andris Piebalgs (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Mairead McGuinness and Richard Corbett.


Question 36 (Olle Schmidt): Mortgage crisis and financial regulations.
Andris Piebalgs answered the question and supplementaries by Olle Schmidt,
Danut? Budreikait? and Paul Rbig.


Question 37 (Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou): Air safety.
Andris Piebalgs answered the question and supplementaries by Rodi Kratsa-
Tsagaropoulou and Jrg Leichtfried.

Part two

Question 38 (Emmanouil Angelakas): Safety of nuclear power plant.
Andris Piebalgs answered the question and supplementaries by Emmanouil
Angelakas, Justas Vincas Paleckis and Zita Ple?tinsk.


Question 39 (Liam Aylward): Investment in first generation, priority for
second generation.
Andris Piebalgs answered the question and supplementaries by Liam Aylward,
Teresa Riera Madurell and Avril Doyle.


Question 40 (Avril Doyle): Biofuels.
Andris Piebalgs answered the question and supplementaries by Avril Doyle,
Zita Ple?tinsk and Reinhard Rack.

Question 41 would not be taken as the subject to which it referred was
already on the agenda of the part-session.

Questions 42 to 45 would receive written answers.


Question 46 (Georgios Papastamkos): Price fixing in the telecommunications
sector.

Question 47 (Giovanna Corda): Lowering the price of SMSs sent or received
in a different Member State (roaming).

Question 48 (Brian Crowley): EU Roaming Regulation.

Question 49 (Marian Harkin): Roaming charges.
Viviane Reding (Member of the Commission) answered the questions and
supplementaries by Georgios Papastamkos, Marian Harkin, Paul Rbig and
Reinhard Rack.


The following spoke: Brian Crowley.

Question 50 (Paul Rbig): Break in transmission of the Chinese TV channel
NTDTV.
Viviane Reding answered the question and a supplementary by Paul Rbig.


Questions 51 and 52 would receive written answers.

Question 53 (Sen  Neachtain): Irish as an official working language of
the European Union.
Leonard Orban (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Sen  Neachtain.

Question 54 had been withdrawn.


Question 55 (Marco Cappato): Multilingualism in the EU institutions.
Leonard Orban answered the question and a supplementary by Marco Cappato.

Questions 56  60, 63  65, 67 to 91 would receive written answers.


The following spoke: Robert Evans, on the organisation of Question Time.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.15 and resumed at 21.00.)

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President


