13. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0017/2010).

Question 28 (Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?): Regulation of private pension funds.
Michel Barnier (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?, Franz Obermayr and Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Question 29 (Sen Kelly): Flood insurance systems in the EU.
Michel Barnier answered the question and supplementaries by Sen Kelly, Jim
Higgins and Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke.

Question 30 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): European action to combat poverty.
Lszl Andor (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Franz Obermayr and Nikolaos
Chountis.

Question 31 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Evaluation of the Culture Programme
2007-2013.
Androulla Vassiliou (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Georgios Papanikolaou.

Question 32 (Liam Aylward): Strengthening and funding grassroots sporting
organisations in the EU.
Androulla Vassiliou answered the question and supplementaries by Liam
Aylward and Piotr Borys.


Question 33 (Jim Higgins): Road deaths.
Siim Kallas (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Jim Higgins, Zigmantas Bal?ytis and Nikolaos Chountis.


Question 34 (Ivo Belet): Railway accident in Buizingen and electronic
safety system.
Question 35 (Frieda Brepoels): Causes of the dreadful train crash on
Monday, 15 February in Buizingen.
Siim Kallas answered the questions and supplementaries by Ivo Belet, Frieda
Brepoels and Piotr Borys.

Question 36 (Jacek W?osowicz): Daylight Saving Time.
Siim Kallas answered the question and a supplementary by Jacek W?osowicz.


Question 37 (Gay Mitchell): The freedom/security balance.
Viviane Reding (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
a supplementary by Gay Mitchell.


The following spoke: Marian Harkin, author of question 38, to which Viviane
Reding would provide a written answer.

Question 39 (Bernd Posselt): Long-standing minorities.
Viviane Reding answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd Posselt.


The following spoke: Marc Tarabella.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.50 and resumed at 21.00.)



                          IN THE CHAIR: Pl SCHMITT
                               Vice-President




