15. Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (ACTA) (debate)

Oral question (O-0026/2010) by Carl Schlyter, on behalf of the Verts/ALE
Group, Daniel Caspary, on behalf of the PPE Group, Kader Arif, on behalf of
the S&D Group, Niccol Rinaldi, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Helmut Scholz,
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, and Syed Kamall, on behalf of the ECR
Group, to the Commission: Transparency and state of play of the ACTA
negotiations (Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement) (B7-0020/2010)

Carl Schlyter, Daniel Caspary, Bernd Lange, Niccol Rinaldi, Helmut Scholz
and Syed Kamall moved the oral question.

Karel De Gucht (Member of the Commission) answered the oral question.

The following spoke: Tokia Safi, on behalf of the PPE Group, David Martin,
on behalf of the S&D Group, Sophia in 't Veld, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
Christian Engstrm, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Edvard Ko?u?nk, on
behalf of the ECR Group, Eva-Britt Svensson, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, Laurence J.A.J. Stassen, Non-attached Member, Zuzana Roithov,
Gianluca Susta, Alexander Alvaro, Jan Philipp Albrecht, Patrick Le Hyaric,
Cristiana Muscardini, Emine Bozkurt, Eva Lichtenberger and Catherine
Trautmann.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Georgios
Papastamkos and Joo Ferreira.

The following spoke: Karel De Gucht.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 115(5):
- Carl Schlyter, Eva Lichtenberger, Christian Engstrm, Jan Philipp
Albrecht and Franziska Keller, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on
transparency and the state of play of ACTA negotiations (B7-0154/2010);

- Tokia Safi, Daniel Caspary, Cristiana Muscardini and Georgios
Papastamkos, on behalf of the PPE Group, Syed Kamall and Robert Sturdy, on
behalf of the ECR Group, on the transparency and state of play of the ACTA
negotiations (B7-0158/2010);

- Niccol Rinaldi, Sophia in 't Veld, Alexander Alvaro, Metin Kazak,
Marielle De Sarnez and Michael Theurer, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on the
transparency and state of play of the ACTA negotiations (B7-0173/2010);

- Kader Arif, Gianluca Susta, Bernd Lange and David Martin, on behalf of
the S&D Group, on the transparency and state of play of the ACTA
negotiations (B7-0179/2010);

- Lothar Bisky, Helmut Scholz, Jim Higgins, Rui Tavares, Cornelis de Jong,
Eva-Britt Svensson, Patrick Le Hyaric, Jacky Hnin and Marie-Christine
Vergiat, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on transparency and the state of
play of ACTA negotiations (B7-0180/2010).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 10.3.2010, item 7.7.

