18. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0017/2007).
Question 1 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Bolstering the Frontex Agency.
Gnter Gloser (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the question
and supplementaries by Manuel Medina Ortega and Alexander Stubb.

Question 2 had been withdrawn.

Question 3 (Sarah Ludford): The investigation and prosecution of genocide,
crimes against humanity and war crimes.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and a supplementary by Sarah Ludford.

Question 4 (Glenis Willmott): Type 1 diabetes.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Glenis Willmott
and Sarah Ludford.

Question 5 (Philip Bushill-Matthews): Provision of child care.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Philip Bushill-
Matthews, Justas Vincas Paleckis and Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou.

Question 6 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Updating the Directive on
'Television Without Frontiers' and combating violence and discrimination.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Andreas Mlzer and Danut? Budreikait?.

Question 7 (Bernd Posselt): Bringing Macedonia closer to the EU.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt,
Andreas Mlzer and Justas Vincas Paleckis.

Question 8 (Sajjad Karim): Darfur.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Fiona Hall
(deputising for the author), Danut? Budreikait? and Esko Seppnen.

Question 9 (Tobias Pflger): Extrajudicial executions in the Philippines.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and a supplementary by Tobias Pflger.

Question 10 (Sahra Wagenknecht): Attacks on anti-war activists in Sri
Lanka.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Sahra
Wagenknecht and Tobias Pflger.

Question 11 (Danut? Budreikait?): Ecological consequences of the northern
oil pipeline.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Danut?
Budreikait? and Nils Lundgren.

Question 12 (Georgios Papastamkos): EU territorial agenda.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and a supplementary by Georgios
Papastamkos.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.00 and resumed at 21.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Grard ONESTA
                               Vice-President


