16. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0125/2007).

Part one
Question 35 (Manolis Mavrommatis): Insurance companies in the EU.
Charlie McCreevy (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Manolis Mavrommatis.

Question 36 (Brian Crowley): Information campaigns concerning the buying of
properties in different EU Member States.
Charlie McCreevy answered the question and supplementaries by Brian Crowley
and Danut? Budreikait?.

Question 37 (Manuel Medina Ortega): External Service of the European Union
and immigration policy.
Benita Ferrero-Waldner (Member of the Commission) (Member of the
Commission) answered the question and a supplementary by Manuel Medina
Ortega.

Part two
Question 38 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Development of deficit and public
debt.
Joaqun Almunia (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Dimitrios Papadimoulis.

Question 39 (Danut? Budreikait?): Implementation of the Treaty on the
Accession of the Kingdom of Sweden to the European Union.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and supplementaries by Danut?
Budreikait?, Nils Lundgren and Piia-Noora Kauppi.

Question 40 (Ryszard Czarnecki): Poland's entry into the euro zone.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and supplementaries by Ryszard
Czarnecki, Richard Corbett and Justas Vincas Paleckis.

 Question 41 would receive a written answer.

Question 42 (Sarah Ludford): Plans for third runway at London Heathrow.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and a supplementary by Jim Allister,
after Sarah Ludford had spoken.

Question 43 (Georgios Papastamkos): European 'ecological governance'.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and a supplementary by Georgios
Papastamkos.

Question 44 (David Martin): EU targets for the concentration of greenhouse
gas emissions.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and a supplementary by David Martin.

Question 45 (Bernd Posselt): Waste tourism.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd Posselt.

Questions 46 to 53 would receive written answers.

Question 54 (Claude Moraes): Cancer screening.
Markos Kyprianou (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Claude Moraes, Reinhard Rack and David Martin.

Question 55 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): New health strategy.
Markos Kyprianou answered the question and supplementaries by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Jrg Leichtfried and Paul Rbig.

Question 56 (Marc Tarabella): Health services.

Markos Kyprianou answered the question and a supplementary by Marc
Tarabella.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.40 and resumed at 21.00.)



                          IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO
                               Vice-President




