15. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0318/2007).

Question 1 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Solidarity Fund for major disasters.
Manuel Lobo Antunes (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the
question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina Ortega, Elizabeth Lynne and
Jrg Leichtfried.


Question 2 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Integrated European policy for
persons with special needs.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Paul Rbig and Reinhard Rack.


Questions 3, 4 and 5 were not taken as their subject matter was already
included on the agenda of the current part-session.

Question 6 (Sarah Ludford): Sex offenders.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Sarah
Ludford, Mairead McGuinness and Jrg Leichtfried.


Question 7 (Lambert van Nistelrooij): Merger between Suez and Gaz de
France.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Lambert
van Nistelrooij.

Question 8 had been withdrawn.

Question 9 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 10 (Roberta Alma Anastase): Facilitation of visas for citizens of
Moldova and Georgia.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Roberta
Alma Anastase and Danut? Budreikait?.


Question 11 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Creation of a European civil defence
force.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Dimitrios
Papadimoulis, Justas Vincas Paleckis and Reinhard Rack.


Question 12 (Bernd Posselt): Fate of Professor Ukshin Hoti.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd
Posselt.


Question 13 (Robert Evans): Climate change.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Robert
Evans and Mairead McGuinness.


Question 14 (Mairead McGuinness): Turmoil in global financial markets.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Mairead
McGuinness.


Question 15 (Johan Van Hecke): Growing number of European agencies.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Johan Van
Hecke.


Question 16 (Bill Newton Dunn): Cybercrime 24/7 emergency contact network.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Bill
Newton Dunn.


Question 17 (Ilda Figueiredo): Ban on visiting Cuban nationals imprisoned
in the United States.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Ilda
Figueiredo.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.30 and resumed at 21.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Martine ROURE
                               Vice-President


