15. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0013/2008).

Question 1 (Marian Harkin): Lisbon Treaty.

Question 2 (Gay Mitchell): Council President.

The following spoke: Gay Mitchell, on the organisation of Question Time.

Janez Lenar?i? (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the questions
and supplementaries by Marian Harkin, Gay Mitchell, Richard Corbett,
Reinhard Rack, Esko Seppnen and Mairead McGuinness.


The following spoke: Mairead McGuinness and Esko Seppnen, to clarify their
supplementary questions, which Janez Lenar?i? answered.

Question 3 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Youth Pact.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and a supplementary by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou.


Question 4 (Claude Moraes): Cooperation on homelessness at EU Level.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and a supplementary by Glenis Willmott
(deputising for the author).


Question 5 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Action to combat international crime and
the EU Court of Justice.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina
Ortega and Hubert Pirker.


Question 6 was inadmissible as it had already been put down at the February
part-session.

Questions 7 and 8 were not taken as the agenda of the sitting already
provided for their subject to be discussed.

Question 9 (Jim Higgins): Transport of liquids.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins and
Hubert Pirker.


Question 10 (Mairead McGuinness): The EU perspective of the western
Balkans.

Question 11 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Development of relations between the EU
and the Western Balkan countries.

Question 12 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Role of the EU mission to Kosovo.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the questions and supplementaries by Mairead
McGuinness, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Zita Ple?tinsk and Dimitrios
Papadimoulis.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.40 and resumed at 21.00.)

                        IN THE CHAIR: Luigi COCILOVO
                               Vice-President


