3. Preparation of the European Council (Brussels, 13-14 March 2008)
(debate)

Council and Commission statements: Preparation of the European Council
(Brussels, 13-14 March 2008)

Janez Lenar?i? (President-in-Office of the Council) and Jos Manuel Barroso
(President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Brian Crowley, on behalf of the UEN Group, Rebecca Harms, on behalf
of the Verts/ALE Group, Gabriele Zimmer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
Jens-Peter Bonde, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Jana Bobo?kov, Non-
attached Member, Giles Chichester, Robert Goebbels, Janusz Onyszkiewicz,
Ryszard Czarnecki, Claude Turmes, Eva-Britt Svensson, Johannes Blokland,
Andreas Mlzer, Marianne Thyssen, Harlem Dsir, Lena Ek, Mario Borghezio,
Marie Anne Isler Bguin, Dimitrios Papadimoulis, Philip Claeys, Joo de
Deus Pinheiro, Udo Bullmann, Fiona Hall, Miros?aw Mariusz Piotrowski,
Gisela Kallenbach, Kyriacos Triantaphyllides, Roger Helmer, Werner Langen,
Jan Andersson, Margarita Starkevi?i?t?, Konrad Szyma?ski, Gunnar Hkmark,
Katerina Batzeli, Danut? Budreikait?, Karl-Heinz Florenz, Libor Rou?ek,
Alexander Lambsdorff, Lambert van Nistelrooij, Gary Titley, Daniel D?ianu,
Klaus-Heiner Lehne, Riitta Myller, Kathy Sinnott, Malcolm Harbour,
Proinsias De Rossa, Georg Jarzembowski, Dariusz Rosati, Othmar Karas,
Pervenche Bers, Monica Maria Iacob-Ridzi, Mairead McGuinness, Carlos
Coelho and Christopher Beazley.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Tunne Kelam, Jean-
Pierre Audy, Zita Ple?tinsk, Georgs Andrejevs, Erna Hennicot-Schoepges,
Paul Rbig and Nina ?kottov.

The following spoke: Janez Lenar?i? and Jos Manuel Barroso.

The following spoke: Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, on remarks
by Graham Watson and Othmar Karas, Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE-DE
Group, and Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group, both on Mr Schulz's
remarks.

The debate closed.


