16. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0491/2008).

Part one
Question 32 (Tadeusz Zwiefka): Contingency plans for SMEs.
Joaqun Almunia (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Tadeusz Zwiefka, Mairead McGuinness and Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Question 33 (Ryszard Czarnecki): Combating terrorism.
Question 34 (Wies?aw Stefan Kuc): European Commission action concerning
terrorist groups in Pakistan.
Jn Fige? (Member of the Commission) answered the questions and
supplementaries by Ryszard Czarnecki and Wies?aw Stefan Kuc.

Question 35 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Investment in energy infrastructures.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and a supplementary by Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Part two
Question 36 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Education of children of
migrants.
Jn Fige? answered the question and supplementaries by Marie Panayotopoulos-
Cassiotou, Justas Vincas Paleckis and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.

Question 37 (Sen  Neachtain): White paper on sport.
Jn Fige? answered the question and supplementaries by Sen  Neachtain,
Manolis Mavrommatis and Avril Doyle.

 Question 38 would receive a written answer.

The following spoke: Christopher Beazley, on the conduct of Question Time.

Question 39 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Euro and inflation.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina
Ortega, Gay Mitchell and Paul Rbig.

Question 40 (Georgios Papastamkos): Organisation of economic governance in
the EU.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and supplementaries by Georgios
Papastamkos and Armando Frana.

Questions 41 to 43 would receive written answers.

The following spoke: Gay Mitchell, who criticised the organisation of
Question Time (the President took note).

Question 44 (Emmanouil Angelakas): Pharmaceutical treatment - cross-border
healthcare.
Androulla Vassiliou (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Emmanouil Angelakas.

Question 45 (Ioannis Gklavakis): Labelling of foodstuffs.
Androulla Vassiliou answered the question and supplementaries by Ioannis
Gklavakis, Jim Allister and Marian Harkin.

Questions 46 to 88 would receive written answers.

The following spoke: Avril Doyle, on the need for a change in the way
Question Time was organised (the President took note).

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.55 and resumed at 21.05.)

                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President


