14. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0125/2007).

Question 1 (Manolis Mavrommatis): EU taxation policy.
Gnter Gloser (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the question
and supplementaries by Manolis Mavrommatis and Jrg Leichtfried.


Question 2 (Claude Moraes): EU cross-border cooperation to protect children
from child abuse - mutual recognition of disqualifications from working
with children.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Claude Moraes
and Sarah Ludford.


Question 3 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Discrimination against
disabled people or children with learning difficulties.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and a supplementary by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou.


Question 4 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Intergovernmental cooperation and
passarelle clauses on immigration issues.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina
Ortega, Andreas Mlzer and Louis Grech.


Question 5 (Sarah Ludford): Counter-terrorism and human rights.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Sarah Ludford
and Jrg Leichtfried.


Question 6 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Deployment of US missile defence
system in EU Member States.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Dimitrios
Papadimoulis, Andreas Mlzer and Tobias Pflger.


Question 7 (Nils Lundgren): Gas pipeline in the Baltic Sea.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Nils Lundgren,
Justas Vincas Paleckis and Danut? Budreikait?.


Question 8 (Robert Evans): Overseas territories.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Robert Evans and
Tobias Pflger.


Question 9 (Philip Bushill-Matthews): Possible age discrimination towards
pilots flying over France.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Philip Bushill-
Matthews and Paul Rbig.


Question 10 (Bernd Posselt): Unemployment in Kosovo.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt
and Paul Rbig.


Question 11 (Esko Seppnen): Athena system.
Question 12 (Tobias Pflger): Military budget for Athena financing
mechanism.
Gnter Gloser answered the questions and supplementaries by Esko Seppnen
and Tobias Pflger.


Question 13 (Inese Vaidere): EU - Georgia negotiations on concluding the
visa facilitation and readmission agreements.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and a supplementary by Inese Vaidere.


Question 14 (Leopold Jzef Rutowicz): Adoption of 'roaming' directive.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and a supplementary by Leopold Jzef
Rutowicz.


Question 15 (Danut? Budreikait?): Implementation of the EU's Neighbourhood
Policy.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by Danut?
Budreikait? and Esko Seppnen.


Question 16 (James Nicholson): Brazilian beef.
Gnter Gloser answered the question and supplementaries by James Nicholson,
Jim Allister and Marian Harkin.



Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).



Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.15 and resumed at 21.00.)

                      IN THE CHAIR: Alejo VIDAL-QUADRAS
                               Vice-President


