16. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0437/2006).

Part one
Question 40 (Robert Evans): Airline overbooking.
Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Gary Titley (deputising for the author), Reinhard Rack
and Jrg Leichtfried.

Question 41 (Michl Ebner): Protection of youngsters in chat rooms.
Franco Frattini (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and supplementaries by Michl Ebner and Alexander Stubb.

Question 42 (Paulo Casaca): Stoning of seven women in Iran.
Peter Mandelson (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Paulo Casaca, Piia-Noora Kauppi and Edite Estrela.

Part two
Question 43 (Lambert van Nistelrooij): Commission proposal for a European
Parliament and Council regulation on roaming on public mobile networks in
the Community.
Viviane Reding (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Lambert van Nistelrooij, Andreas Mlzer and Justas
Vincas Paleckis.

Question 44 (Stavros Arnaoutakis): Broadband internet access.
Viviane Reding answered the question and supplementaries by Stavros
Arnaoutakis, Mairead McGuinness and Malcolm Harbour.

Question 45 (Jim Higgins): European Registry of Internet Domain Names.
Viviane Reding answered the question and a supplementary by Jim Higgins.

Question 46 (Sarah Ludford): Fair Trade.
Peter Mandelson answered the question and supplementaries by Sarah Ludford,
Paul Rbig and Philip Bushill-Matthews.

Question 47 (Sen  Neachtain): World Trade talks.
Peter Mandelson answered the question and supplementaries by Sen 
Neachtain, David Martin and Georgios Papastamkos.

Questions 48 to 51 would receive written answers.

Question 52 (Bernd Posselt): Introduction of the euro in Sweden.
Joaqun Almunia (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Bernd Posselt, Danut? Budreikait? and Hlne Goudin.

Question 53 (Justas Vincas Paleckis): Euro-zone integration.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and supplementaries by Justas Vincas
Paleckis, Laima Liucija Andrikien? and David Martin.

Question 54 (Gay Mitchell): Effect of accession on the Eurozone.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and a supplementary by Gay Mitchell.

Questions 72 and 89 lapsed, as the subjects to which they referred already
featured on the agenda of that part-session.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.15 and resumed at 21.00.)

                      IN THE CHAIR: Janusz ONYSZKIEWICZ
                               Vice-President


