13. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0210/2011).

Question 11 (Georgios Papastamkos): Provision of humanitarian aid to
countries in North Africa.
Kristalina Georgieva (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papastamkos and Zigmantas Bal?ytis.

Question 12 (Zigmantas Bal?ytis): Discrepancies in healthcare in the Member
States.
Maria Damanaki (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Zigmantas Bal?ytis, Nikolaos Chountis and Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Question 13 (Marian Harkin): Enabling technologies.
Antonio Tajani (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
a supplementary by Marian Harkin.

Question 14 (Chris Davies): Future of EU fishing industry.
Maria Damanaki answered the question and supplementaries by Chris Davies,
Barbara Matera and Sen Kelly.

Question 15 (Jim Higgins): Proposed ban on shark finning.
Maria Damanaki answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins,
Brian Crowley and Chris Davies.

Question 16 (Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou): New maritime strategy for the
Mediterranean.
Maria Damanaki answered the question and supplementaries by Rodi Kratsa-
Tsagaropoulou, Giovanni La Via and Ivo Vajgl.

Question 17 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Training of researchers and assessment
of universities in the flagship initiative on innovation.
Mire Geoghegan-Quinn (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papanikolaou and Sen Kelly.

Question 18 (Ioannis A. Tsoukalas): Minimal checks and a high percentage of
errors in projects in the 7th FP for research.
Mire Geoghegan-Quinn answered the question and a supplementary by Ioannis
A. Tsoukalas.

Question 19 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Involvement of SMEs in European
research and innovation.
Mire Geoghegan-Quinn answered the question and a supplementary by
Zigmantas Bal?ytis (deputising for the author).

Question 26 (Bernd Posselt): Air pollution in German cities.
Janez Poto?nik (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Bernd Posselt.

Question 27 (Karin Kadenbach): EU Biodiversity Strategy.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and supplementaries by Kriton Arsenis
(deputising for the author), Bernd Posselt and Gerben-Jan Gerbrandy.

Question 28 (Nikolaos Chountis): Waste management in Greece.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and a supplementary by Nikolaos
Chountis.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.



         (The sitting was suspended at 20.20 and resumed at 21.00.)

                        IN THE CHAIR: Rainer WIELAND
                               Vice-President


