14. Equal treatment of persons irrespective of religion or belief,
disability, age or sexual orientation * (debate)

Report: on the proposal for a Council directive on implementing the
principle of equal treatment between persons irrespective of religion or
belief, disability, age or sexual orientation [COM(2008)0426 - C6-0291/2008
- 2008/0140(CNS)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
Rapporteur: Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg (A6-0149/2009)

Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg introduced the report.

The following spoke: Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Elizabeth Lynne (rapporteur for the opinion of the
EMPL Committee), Amalia Sartori (rapporteur for the opinion of the ENVI
Committee), Lissy Grner (rapporteur for the opinion of the CULT
Committee), Donata Gottardi (rapporteur for the opinion of the FEMM
Committee), Manfred Weber, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Emine Bozkurt, on
behalf of the PSE Group, Sophia in 't Veld, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
and Konrad Szyma?ski, on behalf of the UEN Group.

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Ral Romeva i Rueda, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
Sylvia-Yvonne Kaufmann, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Johannes Blokland,
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Frank Vanhecke, Non-attached Member, Hubert
Pirker, Martine Roure, Grard Deprez, Sebastiano (Nello) Musumeci,
Elisabeth Schroedter, Jim Allister, Nicolae Vlad Popa and Michael Cashman.

The following spoke: Vladimr ?pidla.

The following spoke: Sarah Ludford, Rihards P?ks, Inger Segelstrm, Jeanine
Hennis-Plasschaert, Mario Mauro, Claude Moraes, Marco Cappato, Carlos
Coelho, Iratxe Garca Prez, Csaba Sgor, Evangelia Tzampazi and Martin
Kastler.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Miroslav
Mikol?ik, Marusya Ivanova Lyubcheva, Manfred Weber and Richard Howitt.

The following spoke: Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 02.04.2009, item 9.16.
                         IN THE CHAIR: Marek SIWIEC
                               Vice-President


