13. Opening of international negotiations in view of adopting an
international Treaty for the protection of the Arctic (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Opening of international negotiations in
view of adopting an international Treaty for the protection of the Arctic

Alexandr Vondra (President-in-Office of the Council) and Benita Ferrero-
Waldner (Member of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Anders Wijkman, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Luigi COCILOVO
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Vronique De Keyser, on behalf of the PSE Group, Diana
Wallis, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Godfrey Bloom, on behalf of the
IND/DEM Group, Avril Doyle, Mart Grau i Seg and Laima Liucija Andrikien?.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Christian Rovsing,
Charles Tannock, Johannes Lebech, Marie Anne Isler Bguin, Alojz Peterle
and Paul Rbig.

The following spoke: Alexandr Vondra and Benita Ferrero-Waldner.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 103(2):
- Vronique De Keyser, Jan Marinus Wiersma and Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of
the PSE Group, on the opening of international negotiations with a view to
adopting an international treaty for the protection of the Arctic (B6-
0163/2009),

- Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Laima Liucija Andrikien?, John
Bowis, Tunne Kelam and Eija-Riitta Korhola, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
on the international treaty for the protection of the Arctic (B6-
0172/2009),

- Tobias Pflger, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the international
treaty for the protection of the Arctic (B6-0173/2009),

- Satu Hassi, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the international treaty
for the protection of the Arctic (B6-0174/2009),

- Diana Wallis, Bilyana Ilieva Raeva, Kysti Virrankoski, Anne E. Jensen,
Johannes Lebech, Olle Schmidt, Anneli Jtteenmki and Anne Laperrouze, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, on the international treaty for the protection of
the Arctic (B6-0175/2009),

- Liam Aylward, Adam Bielan, Roberts Z?le and Ewa Tomaszewska, on behalf of
the UEN Group, on the international treaty for the protection of the Arctic
(B6-0176/2009).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 02.04.2009, item 9.23.

