3. State of the negotiations on the climate change and energy package
(debate)

Council and Commission statements: State of the negotiations on the climate
change and energy package

Andris Piebalgs (Member of the Commission) and Stavros Dimas (Member of the
Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, who asked
that the debate should be postponed pending the arrival of the President-in-
Office of the Council, and, supporting this request, Hartmut Nassauer, on
behalf of the PPE-DE Group, and Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group.

The President said that Parliament was a sovereign body and could decide
its agenda.

Parliament approved the request pursuant to Rule 171.

          (The sitting was suspended at 8.50 and resumed at 9.05.)

Jean-Louis Borloo (President-in-Office of the Council) made the statement.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, and Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Grard ONESTA
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Claude
Turmes, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Alessandro Foglietta, on behalf
of the UEN Group, Umberto Guidoni, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Johannes
Blokland, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Roger Helmer, Non-attached
Member, Werner Langen, Linda McAvan, Chris Davies, Rebecca Harms, Bogdan
P?k, Roberto Musacchio, Hanne Dahl, Philip Claeys, Avril Doyle, Robert
Goebbels, Lena Ek, Satu Hassi, Zdzis?aw Zbigniew Podka?ski, Dimitrios
Papadimoulis, Urszula Krupa, Andreas Mlzer, Pter Olajos, Guido Sacconi
and Johannes Lebech.

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Caroline Lucas, Mieczys?aw Edmund Janowski, Eva-Britt
Svensson, Sylwester Chruszcz, Karsten Friedrich Hoppenstedt, Dariusz
Rosati, Fiona Hall, Marie Anne Isler Bguin, Leopold Jzef Rutowicz, Martin
Callanan, Hannes Swoboda, Holger Krahmer, Angelika Niebler, Atanas
Paparizov, Adina-Ioana V?lean, Anders Wijkman, Libor Rou?ek, Samuli
Pohjamo, Jerzy Buzek, Riitta Myller, Mariela Velichkova Baeva, Franoise
Grossette, Edite Estrela, Vladko Todorov Panayotov, Pilar del Castillo
Vera, Justas Vincas Paleckis, John Bowis, Britta Thomsen, Gunnar Hkmark,
Dorette Corbey, Karl-Heinz Florenz, sa Westlund, Paul Rbig and Gyula
Hegyi.

     (The debate was suspended at 11.30, pending the start of the formal
                                  sitting.)

                      IN THE CHAIR: Hans-Gert PTTERING
                                  President




