11. Situation in China after the earthquake and before the Olympic Games
(debate)

Council and Commission statements: Situation in China after the earthquake
and before the Olympic Games

Jean-Pierre Jouyet (President-in-Office of the Council) and Benita Ferrero-
Waldner (Member of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Georg Jarzembowski, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
Libor Rou?ek, on behalf of the PSE Group, Marco Cappato, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Hanna Foltyn-Kubicka, on behalf of the UEN Group, Daniel Cohn-
Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Ji? Ma?tlka, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Edward
McMillan-Scott, Robert Evans, Dirk Sterckx, Thomas Mann, Alexandra Dobolyi,
Cornelis Visser and Bogdan Golik.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Nirj Deva,
Marianne Mikko, David Hammerstein, Jos Ribeiro e Castro, Manolis
Mavrommatis, Eva Lichtenberger, Colm Burke, Ana Maria Gomes and Czes?aw
Adam Siekierski.

The following spoke: Jean-Pierre Jouyet.

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Benita Ferrero-Waldner.

Motions for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled pursuant to Rule
103(2):
- Marco Pannella, Marco Cappato and Jorgo Chatzimarkakis, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, on the situation in China after the earthquake and before the
Olympic Games (B6-0338/2008),

- Pasqualina Napoletano, Hannes Swoboda and Alexandra Dobolyi, on behalf of
the PSE Group, on the situation in China after the earthquake and before
the Olympic Games (B6-0340/2008),

- Adam Bielan, Ryszard Czarnecki and Konrad Szyma?ski, on behalf of the UEN
Group, on the situation in China after the earthquake and before the
Olympic Games (B6-0341/2008),

- Vittorio Agnoletto, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the situation in
China after the earthquake and before the Olympic Games (B6-0342/2008),

- Daniel Cohn-Bendit, Monica Frassoni, Hlne Flautre, Eva Lichtenberger,
Milan Hor?ek, Ral Romeva i Rueda, Mikel Irujo Amezaga, Helga Trpel and
Bart Staes, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the situation in China
after the earthquake and before the Olympic Games (B6-0346/2008).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 10.07.2008, item 5.5.

