17. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0168/2008).

Part one
Question 43 (Georgios Papastamkos): Performance of the automobile industry
as regards CO2 emissions.
Stavros Dimas (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papastamkos, Reinhard Rack and Paul Rbig.

Question 44 (Johan Van Hecke): Policy on biofuels.
Mariann Fischer Boel (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Johan Van Hecke, Jim Allister and Glyn Ford.

Question 45 (Paulo Casaca): Execution of the perpetrator of an attack on
the United Nations.
Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Paulo Casaca.

Part two
Question 46 (Claude Moraes): Anti-discrimination horizontal directive.
Vladimr ?pidla answered the question and supplementaries by Claude Moraes
and Syed Kamall.

Question 47 (Brian Crowley): Supplementary pensions and mobility across the
EU.
Vladimr ?pidla answered the question and supplementaries by Brian Crowley
and Reinhard Rack.

Question 48 (Robert Evans): Medical support across the EU.
Vladimr ?pidla answered the question and a supplementary by Glyn Ford,
deputising for the author.

Questions 49 to 54 would receive written answers.

Question 55 (Eoin Ryan): Reporting burden of small and medium enterprises.
Gnter Verheugen (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and supplementaries by Eoin Ryan and Wies?aw Stefan Kuc.

Question 56 (Colm Burke): Price of fertiliser.
Gnter Verheugen answered the question and supplementaries by Colm Burke
and Mairead McGuinness.

Question 57 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Policy in favour of small
enterprises.
Gnter Verheugen answered the question and a supplementary by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou.

 Question 58 would receive a written answer.


Question 59 (Liam Aylward): Proposed increase in modulation in the context
of the CAP Health Check.
Question 60 (Sen  Neachtain): CAP payments.
Question 62 (Ioannis Gklavakis): 'Health check' for the Common Agricultural
Policy.
Question 65 (Stavros Arnaoutakis): Common Agricultural Policy: planning and
application in favour of small producers.
Mariann Fischer Boel answered the questions and supplementaries by Liam
Aylward, Sen  Neachtain, Ioannis Gklavakis and Wies?aw Stefan Kuc.

Questions 61, 63, 64, and 66 to 96 would receive written answers (see annex
to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.45 and resumed at 21.00.)

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President


