17. Agreement between the EC and Pakistan on readmission -  Community
readmission agreements with third countries *** (debate)

Recommendation on the proposal for a Council decision on the conclusion of
the Agreement between the European Union and the Islamic Republic of
Pakistan on the readmission of persons residing without authorisation
[2009/0036(NLE)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
Rapporteur: Csaba Sgor (A7-0231/2010)

Oral question (O-0104/2010) by Sylvie Guillaume, Claude Moraes, on behalf
of the S&D Group, Hlne Flautre, Judith Sargentini, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Cornelia Ernst, Rui Tavares, Marie-Christine Vergiat, on
behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, and Malika Benarab-Attou, to the Commission:
Community readmission agreements with third countries (B7-0453/2010)

Oral question (O-0116/2010) by Nathalie Griesbeck and Renate Weber, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, to the Commission: EU readmission agreements with
third countries (B7-0461/2010)

Csaba Sgor introduced the recommendation.

Claude Moraes, Hlne Flautre, Rui Tavares and Nathalie Griesbeck moved the
oral questions.

Cecilia Malmstrm (Member of the Commission) answered the oral questions.

The following spoke: Gabriele Albertini (rapporteur for the opinion of the
AFET Committee), Manfred Weber, on behalf of the PPE Group, Sylvie
Guillaume, on behalf of the S&D Group, Cecilia Wikstrm, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Judith Sargentini, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Cornelis
de Jong, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Philip Claeys, Non-attached
Member, Carlos Coelho, Monika Fla?kov Be?ov, Nicole Kiil-Nielsen, Andrew
Henry William Brons, Ernst Strasser, Rita Borsellino, Agustn Daz de Mera
Garca Consuegra, Emine Bozkurt and Birgit Sippel.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Libor ROU?EK
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Andreas Mlzer.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Georgios
Papanikolaou, Franziska Keller, Franz Obermayr, Elena B?sescu and Harlem
Dsir.

The following spoke: Cecilia Malmstrm and Csaba Sgor.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 21.9.2010, item 5.5.

