10. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B7-0212/2009).

Question 1 (Bernd Posselt): Human rights in Cuba.
Cecilia Malmstrm (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the
question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt, Nikolaos Chountis and
Krisztina Morvai.

The President referred to the rules governing the conduct of Question Time.


Question 2 (Marian Harkin): Elder abuse.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Marian
Harkin, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u and Sen Kelly.


Question 3 (Olle Schmidt): Swedish journalist Dawit Isaak imprisoned in
Eritrea.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Olle
Schmidt.


Question 4 (Anna Hedh): The EU's alcohol strategy.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Anna Hedh,
Justas Vincas Paleckis and Catherine Stihler.


Question 5 (Justas Vincas Paleckis): Environmental aspect of gas pipelines.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Justas
Vincas Paleckis.


Question 6 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Elimination of barriers to the free
movement of labour between Member States.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Silvia-
Adriana ?ic?u and Franz Obermayr.

Question 7 (Nikolaos Chountis): Harassment by Turkey of aircraft operated
by the European Union agency for external border security (Frontex).
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Nikolaos
Chountis.

The following spoke: Krisztina Morvai.

Question 8 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 9 (Mairead McGuinness): Revision of Regulation (EC) No 1/2005.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Mairead
McGuinness and Sen Kelly.

Question 10 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 19 (Sen Kelly): A Commission portfolio for sport.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question.


The following spoke: Sen Kelly and Mairead McGuinness.


Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Council Question Time closed.

