13. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0462/2008).

Question 1 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Importance given to road transport
policy.

After expressing his condolences to the families of the victims of the
shooting that had taken place the same day at Kauhajoki school (Finland)
and to Finnish Members, Jean-Pierre Jouyet (President-in-Office of the
Council) answered the question and the supplementary by Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Question 2 (Manuel Medina Ortega): European immigration pact.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Manuel
Medina Ortega.


Question 3 (Eoin Ryan): Anti-corruption tools.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Eoin Ryan.


Question 4 (Sen  Neachtain): Rising food prices.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Sen 
Neachtain.


Question 5 (Liam Aylward): White Paper on Sport.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Liam
Aylward.


Question 6 (Brian Crowley): Objectives of European Conference on
Alzheimer's.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Liam
Aylward (deputising for the author) and Zita Ple?tinsk.


Question 7 (Avril Doyle): Agricultural policy and the French Presidency.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Jim Higgins
(deputising for the author).

Questions 8 and 9 were inadmissible as they had already been taken during
recent part-sessions (see Annex II to the Rules of Procedure).


Question 10 (Jim Higgins): Irish rejection of the Lisbon Treaty.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Jim
Higgins, Gay Mitchell and Paul Marie Coteaux.


Question 11 (Gay Mitchell): Iran and the development of a nuclear capacity.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Gay
Mitchell.


Question 12 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): European agreement on
migration and asylum arrangements.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question.


The following spoke: Margie Sudre (deputising for the author).

Question 13 (Alain Hutchinson): Reform of French public-sector television.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Alain
Hutchinson.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.05 and resumed at 21.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Grard ONESTA
                               Vice-President


