4. Combating terrorism * - Protection of personal data * (debate)

Report: on the proposal for a Council Framework decision amending Framework
Decision 2002/475/JHA on combating terrorism [COM(2007)0650 - C6-0466/2007
- 2007/0236(CNS)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
Rapporteur: Roselyne Lefranois (A6-0323/2008)

Report: on the draft Council Framework Decision on the protection of
personal data processed in the framework of police and judicial cooperation
in criminal matters [(16069/2007 - C6-0010/2008 - 2005/0202(CNS)] -
Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Martine
Roure (A6-0322/2008)

Roselyne Lefranois introduced the report.

Martine Roure introduced the report.

The following spoke: Jean-Pierre Jouyet (President-in-Office of the
Council) and Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission).

The following spoke: Luis de Grandes Pascual (draftsman of the opinion of
the JURI Committee), Panayiotis Demetriou, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
Claudio Fava, on behalf of the PSE Group, Alexander Alvaro, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, Brian Crowley, on behalf of the UEN Group, and Kathalijne
Maria Buitenweg, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group.

                          IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Sylvia-Yvonne Kaufmann, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, Gerard Batten, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Koenraad Dillen, Non-
attached Member, Jean-Pierre Jouyet, who answered speakers' questions
before leaving the Chamber, Manfred Weber, Brbara Dhrkop Dhrkop, Sophia
in 't Veld, who also expressed her disappointment that the Council was not
present for the whole debate (the President noted this but stated that the
President-in-Office of the Council had given Parliament notice of his
departure in advance), Bogus?aw Rogalski, Angelika Beer, Giusto Catania,
Nils Lundgren, Jana Bobo?kov, Carlos Coelho, Stavros Lambrinidis, Sarah
Ludford, Konrad Szyma?ski, Adamos Adamou, Georgios Georgiou, Ashley Mote,
Urszula Gacek, Wolfgang Kreissl-Drfler, Jean-Marie Cavada, Miros?aw
Mariusz Piotrowski, Athanasios Pafilis, Sylwester Chruszcz and Ioannis
Varvitsiotis.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Luigi COCILOVO
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Genowefa Grabowska, Marek Aleksander Czarnecki, Mario
Borghezio, Luca Romagnoli, Herbert Reul, Jrg Leichtfried, Toomas Savi,
Geoffrey Van Orden, Marianne Mikko, Olle Schmidt, Jas Gawronski, Daciana
Octavia Srbu, Mihael Brejc, Iliana Malinova Iotova, Hubert Pirker, Andrzej
Jan Szejna, Charles Tannock, Proinsias De Rossa, Gay Mitchell and Libor
Rou?ek.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Dumitru Oprea,
Ioan Mircea Pa?cu, Marios Matsakis, Carlo Fatuzzo, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u,
Jim Allister, Nicolae Vlad Popa and Antonio Masip Hidalgo.

The following spoke: Jacques Barrot, Roselyne Lefranois and Martine Roure.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 23.09.2008, item 5.22 and minutes of 23.09.2008, item
