4. Main aspects of the common foreign and security policy and the common
security and defence policy - Situation in Syria and in Camp Ashraf -
Report: Albertini - Annual report from the Council to Parliament on the
main aspects of CFSP in 2009 - Report: Gualtieri - Development of CSDP
following the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty - Report: Muiz De
Urquiza - The EU as a global actor: its role in multilateral organisations
(debate)

Statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy: Main aspects of the
common foreign and security policy and the common security and defence
policy

Statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Situation in Syria and
in Camp Ashraf

Report on the annual report from the Council to the European Parliament on
the main aspects and basic choices of the Common Foreign and Security
Policy (CFSP) in 2009, presented to the European Parliament in application
of Part II, Section G, paragraph 43 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of
17 May 2006 [2010/2124(INI)] - Committee on Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur:
Gabriele Albertini (A7-0168/2011)

Report on the development of the common security and defence policy
following the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty [2010/2299(INI)] -
Committee on Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur: Roberto Gualtieri (A7-0166/2011)

Report on the EU as a global actor: its role in multilateral organisations
[2010/2298(INI)] - Committee on Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur: Mara Muiz De
Urquiza (A7-0181/2011)

The President made a brief introductory speech.

Catherine Ashton (Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy) made the statements.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group, Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group, Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Charles Tannock, on behalf of the ECR Group, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on
behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Lothar Bisky, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, and Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the EFD Group.

Gabriele Albertini, Roberto Gualtieri and Mara Muiz De Urquiza presented
their reports.

The following spoke: Catherine Ashton, Jrg Leichtfried (rapporteur for the
opinion of the INTA Committee) and Krzysztof Lisek.

                       IN THE CHAIR: Roberta ANGELILLI
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Vronique De Keyser, Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, Micha?
Tomasz Kami?ski, Franziska Katharina Brantner, Takis Hadjigeorgiou,
Fiorello Provera, Andreas Mlzer, Eduard Kukan, Hannes Swoboda, Andrew
Duff, Geoffrey Van Orden, who also replied to a blue-card question by
Nicole Sinclaire, Ulrike Lunacek, who also replied to a blue-card question
by Nicole Sinclaire, Patrick Le Hyaric, who also replied to a blue-card
question by Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, Nikolaos Salavrakos, Nicole
Sinclaire, Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Kristian Vigenin, Annemie
Neyts-Uyttebroeck, Miros?aw Piotrowski, Reinhard Btikofer, Sampo Terho,
Bla Kovcs, Elmar Brok, Richard Howitt, Anneli Jtteenmki, Struan
Stevenson, David Campbell Bannerman, Mario Mauro and Pier Antonio Panzeri.

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Jelko Kacin, Pawe? Robert Kowal, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski,
Libor Rou?ek, Ria Oomen-Ruijten, Maria Eleni Koppa, Michael Gahler, Luis
Yez-Barnuevo Garca, Francisco Jos Milln Mon, Marek Siwiec, Arnaud
Danjean, Andrey Kovatchev, Alojz Peterle, Alejo Vidal-Quadras and Dominique
Baudis.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Anna Ibrisagic,
Ana Gomes, Antonyia Parvanova, Heidi Hautala, Peter van Dalen, Ilda
Figueiredo, Jaroslav Pa?ka, Andrew Henry William Brons, Marco Scurria and
Boris Zala.

The following spoke: Roberto Gualtieri, Gabriele Albertini, Mara Muiz De
Urquiza and Catherine Ashton.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.20, minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.21 and
minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.22.
     (The sitting was suspended for a short time, pending voting time.)

                      IN THE CHAIR: Stavros LAMBRINIDIS
                               Vice-President


