12. Small Business Act review (debate)

Oral question (O-000089/2011) by Bendt Bendtsen, on behalf of the PPE
Group, Edit Herczog, on behalf of the S&D Group, Fiona Hall, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, Reinhard Btikofer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Giles
Chichester, on behalf of the ECR Group, and Niki Tzavela, on behalf of the
EFD Group, to the Council: Small Business Act (SBA) review (B7-0301/2011)

Oral question (O-000090/2011) by Bendt Bendtsen, on behalf of the PPE
Group, Edit Herczog, on behalf of the S&D Group, Fiona Hall, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, Reinhard Btikofer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Giles
Chichester, on behalf of the ECR Group, and Niki Tzavela, on behalf of the
EFD Group, to the Commission: Small Business Act (SBA) review (B7-
0302/2011)

Bendt Bendtsen, Edit Herczog, Fiona Hall, Giles Chichester, Reinhard
Btikofer and Niki Tzavela moved the oral questions.

Enik? Gy?ri (President-in-Office of the Council) and Olli Rehn (Member of
the Commission) answered the oral questions.

The following spoke: Pilar del Castillo Vera, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Teresa Riera Madurell, on behalf of the S&D Group, Jrgen Creutzmann, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, Kay Swinburne, on behalf of the ECR Group, Derek
Roland Clark, on behalf of the EFD Group, Tadeusz Zwiefka, Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u, Mara Bizzotto, Kri?j?nis Kari??, Zigmantas Bal?ytis, who also
replied to a blue-card question by Paul Rbig, et Bogdan Kazimierz
Marcinkiewicz.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Elena B?sescu,
George Sabin Cuta?, Jaroslav Pa?ka, Franz Obermayr, Ildik Gll-Pelcz, Sen
Kelly and Sergio Paolo Francesco Silvestris.

The following spoke: Olli Rehn and Enik? Gy?ri.

Motion for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 115(5):
- Edit Herczog, on behalf of the S&D Group, Fiona Hall and Jrgen
Creutzmann, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Reinhard Btikofer and Ral Romeva
i Rueda, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Giles Chichester, on behalf of
the ECR Group, and Niki Tzavela, on behalf of the EFD Group, on the Small
Business Act Review (B7-0286/2011)

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 12.5.2011, item 13.6.

