6. Outcome of the European Council on 11-12 December 2008 - French
Presidency's term of office (debate)

European Council report and Commission statement: Outcome of the European
Council on 11-12 December 2008

Statement by the Presidency-in-Office of the Council: French Presidency's
term of office

Nicolas Sarkozy (President-in-Office of the Council), introduced the
report. by the European Council on the outcome of the European Council of
11 and 12 December and, in his capacity as President-in-Office of the
Council, made a statement on the French Presidency's term of office.

The President made a brief statement in which he welcomed France's new
Minister of State responsible for European Affairs, Bruno Le Maire, and
paid tribute to the work done by his predecessor, Jean Pierre Jouyet. He
also paid tribute to the work done by Klaus Hnsch, President of the
European Parliament from 1994 to 1997, on the occasion of his birthday.

Jos Manuel Barroso (President of the Commission), made a statement on the
outcome of the European Council.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Cristiana
Muscardini, on behalf of the UEN Group, Francis Wurtz, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, Nigel Farage, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Bruno
Gollnisch, Non-attached Member, Martin Schulz, who made a personal
statement in response to remarks made by Nigel Farage, Nicolas Sarkozy,
Jos Manuel Barroso, Timothy Kirkhope, Bernard Poignant, Marielle De
Sarnez, Ian Hudghton, Brian Crowley, Bairbre de Brn, Bernard
Wojciechowski, Sylwester Chruszcz, Hartmut Nassauer, Poul Nyrup Rasmussen
and Nicolas Sarkozy.

                      IN THE CHAIR: Alejo VIDAL-QUADRAS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Silvana Koch-Mehrin, Adam Bielan, Kathy Sinnott, Peter
Baco, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, Hannes Swoboda, Jean-Marie Cavada, Mogens
Camre, Margie Sudre, Robert Goebbels, Andrew Duff, Guntars Krasts, Laima
Liucija Andrikien?, Pervenche Bers, Marian Harkin, Jana Hyb?kov, Libor
Rou?ek, Werner Langen, Enrique Barn Crespo, Colm Burke, Richard Corbett,
Mario Mauro, Proinsias De Rossa, Simon Busuttil, Jo Leinen, Jos Manuel
Garca-Margallo y Marfil, Gary Titley, Elmar Brok, Adrian Severin, Andrzej
Jan Szejna and Vronique De Keyser.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Tunne Kelam, Avril
Doyle, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Carlo Fatuzzo, Mairead McGuinness and Gbor
Harangoz.

The following spoke: Bruno Le Maire (President-in-Office of the Council)
and Margot Wallstrm (Vice-President of the Commission).

The debate closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 14.10 and resumed at 15.05.)

                      IN THE CHAIR: Hans-Gert PTTERING
                                  President


