13. Patients' rights in cross-border healthcare ***II (debate)

Recommendation for second reading on the Council position at first reading
with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and
of the Council on the application of patients' rights in cross-border
healthcare [11038/2/2010 - C7-0266/2010- 2008/0142(COD)] - Committee on the
Environment, Public Health and Food Safety. Rapporteur: Franoise
Grossette (A7-0307/2010)

Franoise Grossette introduced the recommendation for second reading.

The following spoke: Enik? Gy?ri (President-in-Office of the Council) and
John Dalli (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Peter Liese, on behalf of the PPE Group, Dagmar Roth-
Behrendt, on behalf of the S&D Group, Antonyia Parvanova, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Jean Lambert, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Milan Cabrnoch,
on behalf of the ECR Group, Kartika Tamara Liotard, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, Oreste Rossi, on behalf of the EFD Group, Csand Szegedi,
Non-attached Member, Christofer Fjellner, Gilles Pargneaux, Corinne Lepage,
Claude Turmes, Kay Swinburne, Joo Ferreira, Jaroslav Pa?ka, Licia
Ronzulli, Karin Kadenbach, Frdrique Ries, Tadeusz Cyma?ski, Sabine Wils,
Anna Rosbach, El?bieta Katarzyna ?ukacijewska, Andres Perello Rodriguez,
Miroslav Ouzk, Horst Schnellhardt, Edite Estrela, Mairead McGuinness, Edit
Herczog, David Casa, Zuzana Roithov, Theodor Dumitru Stolojan, Christa
Kla and Jos Manuel Fernandes.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Csaba Sgor,
Richard Howitt, Krisztina Morvai, Siiri Oviir, Marina Yannakoudakis, Sen
Kelly, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi and Petru Constantin Luhan.

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Zigmantas
Bal?ytis, Salvatore Iacolino, Olga Sehnalov, Miroslav Mikol?ik, Mario
Pirillo, Radvil? Mork?nait?-Mikul?nien?, Kriton Arsenis, Maria Da Graa
Carvalho and Antigoni Papadopoulou.

The following spoke: John Dalli, Enik? Gy?ri and Franoise Grossette.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 19.1.2011, item 6.1.

