16. Situation in Haiti one year after the earthquake (debate)

Commission statement: Situation in Haiti one year after the earthquake.

On behalf of Parliament, the President expressed her condolences to the
family of the Italian soldier, Luca Sanna, who had been killed that day in
Afghanistan.

Kristalina Georgieva (Member of the Commission) and Andris Piebalgs (Member
of the Commission) made the statement.

The following spoke: Michle Striffler, on behalf of the PPE Group, Corina
Cre?u, on behalf of the S&D Group, Charles Goerens, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Judith Sargentini, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Nirj Deva, on
behalf of the ECR Group, Jacky Hnin, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the EFD Group, Filip Kaczmarek, Kriton
Arsenis, Niccol Rinaldi, Michle Rivasi, James Nicholson, Cristian Dan
Preda, Ricardo Corts Lastra, Zbigniew Ziobro, Ria Oomen-Ruijten, Edite
Estrela and Jaros?aw Leszek Wa??sa.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Sen Kelly, Monika
Fla?kov Be?ov, Ilda Figueiredo, Elena B?sescu, Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke
and Peter Jahr.

The following spoke: Kristalina Georgieva and Andris Piebalgs.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Michle Striffler, Filip Kaczmarek and Gay Mitchell, on behalf of the PPE
Group, on the situation in Haiti a year after the earthquake: humanitarian
aid and reconstruction (B7-0023/2011);

- Michle Rivasi, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the situation in
Haiti a year after the earthquake: humanitarian aid and reconstruction (B7-
0024/2011);

- Charles Tannock and Emma McClarkin, on behalf of the ECR Group, on
Haiti's reconstruction one year after the earthquake (B7-0025/2011);

- Charles Goerens, Niccol Rinaldi and Marielle De Sarnez, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, on the situation in Haiti a year after the earthquake:
humanitarian aid and reconstruction (B7-0027/2011);

- Vronique De Keyser, Thijs Berman and Patrice Tirolien, on behalf of the
S&D Group, on Haiti's reconstruction one year after the earthquake (B7-
0032/2011);

- Jacky Hnin and Marie-Christine Vergiat, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
on Haiti (B7-0034/2011).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 19.1.2011, item 6.12.

