18. Violation of freedom of expression and discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation in Lithuania (debate)

Oral question (O-0190/2010) by Renate Weber, Sophia in 't Veld, Leonidas
Donskis, Cecilia Wikstrm, Alexander Alvaro, Sonia Alfano, Gianni Vattimo,
Sarah Ludford and Ramon Tremosa i Balcells, on behalf of the ALDE Group, to
the Commission: Violation of freedom of expression and discrimination on
the basis of sexual orientation in Lithuania (B7-0669/2010);

Oral question (O-0204/2010) by Ulrike Lunacek, on behalf of the Verts/ALE
Group, to the Commission: Violation of the freedom of expression and
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in Lithuania (B7-
0803/2010);

Oral question (O-0207/2010) by Cornelis de Jong, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, to the Commission: Violation of the freedom of expression and
discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation in Lithuania (B7-
0804/2010);

Oral question (O-0216/2010) by Michael Cashman, Monika Fla?kov Be?ov and
Claude Moraes, on behalf of the S&D Group, to the Commission: Violation of
the freedom of expression and discrimination on the basis of sexual
orientation in Lithuania (B7-0005/2011).

Sophia in 't Veld, Ulrike Lunacek, Cornelis de Jong and Monika Fla?kov
Be?ov moved the oral questions.

Viviane Reding (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the questions.

The following spoke: Simon Busuttil, on behalf of the PPE Group, Sarah
Ludford, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Marije Cornelissen, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Charles Tannock, on behalf of the ECR Group, Joe Higgins,
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Dimitar Stoyanov, Non-attached Member,
Joanna Katarzyna Skrzydlewska, Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?, Ral Romeva i Rueda,
Konrad Szyma?ski, Joanna Senyszyn and Catherine Trautmann.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Anna Zborsk,
Radvil? Mork?nait?-Mikul?nien? and Alexandra Thein.

The following spoke: Viviane Reding.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 115(5):
- Renate Weber, Sophia in 't Veld, Leonidas Donskis, Cecilia Wikstrm,
Alexander Alvaro, Sonia Alfano, Gianni Vattimo, Sarah Ludford, Ramon
Tremosa i Balcells and Elizabeth Lynne, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Ral
Romeva i Rueda, Ulrike Lunacek, Marije Cornelissen, Emilie Turunen,
Franziska Keller, Isabella Lvin, Nicole Kiil-Nielsen and Jan Philipp
Albrecht, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Claude Moraes, Monika Fla?kov
Be?ov, Michael Cashman, Vilija Blinkevi?i?t? and Catherine Trautmann, on
behalf of the S&D Group, Cornelis de Jong, Nikolaos Chountis, Eva-Britt
Svensson, Cornelia Ernst and Rui Tavares, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
on violation of freedom of expression and discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation in Lithuania (B7-0031/2011);

- Simon Busuttil and Vronique Mathieu, on behalf of the PPE Group, on the
alleged violation of freedom of expression and discrimination on the basis
of sexual orientation in Lithuania (B7-0033/2011).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 19.1.2011, item 6.13.

