15. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0001/2011).

Question 14 (Rare?-Lucian Niculescu): Utilisation of European funds.
Johannes Hahn (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Rare?-Lucian Niculescu, Paul Rbig and Vilija
Blinkevi?i?t?.

Question 16 (Kinga Gncz): European Progress Microfinance Facility.
Johannes Hahn answered the question and supplementaries by Kinga Gncz,
Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.

Question 15 (Zigmantas Bal?ytis): Additional support measures for SMEs
under tourism policy.
Antonio Tajani (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Zigmantas Bal?ytis, Carlo Fidanza and Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Question 17 (Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?): Programmes and initiatives to modernise
higher education.
Androulla Vassiliou (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?, Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke and
Georgios Papanikolaou.

Question 18 (Radvil? Mork?nait?-Mikul?nien?): Performance of pupils in EU
Member States.
Androulla Vassiliou answered the question and a supplementary by Radvil?
Mork?nait?-Mikul?nien?.

Question 19 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Fragmented digital markets and
consequences for the educational system and investments in geographically
isolated regions.
Neelie Kroes (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Georgios Papanikolaou.

Question 20 (Liam Aylward): 116 000 Missing children hotline.
Neelie Kroes answered the question and a supplementary by Liam Aylward.

 Question 21 would receive a written answer.

Question 22 (Bernd Posselt): Mainline railway through the Alps.
Siim Kallas (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Bernd Posselt and Nikolaos Chountis.

Question 23 (Jim Higgins): Texting while driving - road safety.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins, Sen
Kelly and Ins Ayala Sender.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.15 and resumed at 21.00.)

                       IN THE CHAIR: Roberta ANGELILLI
                               Vice-President


