15. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0012/2007).

Part one

Question 44 (Claude Moraes): Road transport and emissions.
Stavros Dimas (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Claude Moraes, Sarah Ludford and Alexander Stubb.

Question 45 (Liam Aylward): Educating young people about environmental
issues.
Stavros Dimas answered the question and supplementaries by Liam Aylward and
Laima Liucija Andrikien?.

Question 46 (Antonis Samaras): Recognition of university degrees.
Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
a supplementary by Antonis Samaras.

Part two
Question 47 (Marc Tarabella): Non-implementation of Regulation (EC) No
261/2004 on air passengers' rights in the event of overbooking, delays or
cancellations.
Jacques Barrot answered the question and supplementaries by Marc Tarabella,
Reinhard Rack and Jrg Leichtfried.

Question 48 (Bernd Posselt): Magistrale for Europe.
Jacques Barrot answered the question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt,
Paul Rbig and Jrg Leichtfried.

Question 49 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Court decision offsetting debts of
the Greek State to Olympic Airways (OA).
Jacques Barrot answered the question and supplementaries by Dimitrios
Papadimoulis and Georgios Papastamkos.

Questions 50, 52 and 53 would receive written answers.

Question 54 (Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou): Cooperation in the transport
sector with neighbouring countries and, in particular, the Mediterranean
region.
Jacques Barrot answered the question and a supplementary by Rodi Kratsa-
Tsagaropoulou.

 Question 55 would receive a written answer.


Question 56 (Danut? Budreikait?): New sources of energy.
Janez Poto?nik (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Danut? Budreikait?, Justas Vincas Paleckis and Paul
Rbig.

Question 57 (Teresa Riera Madurell): Women in science.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and supplementaries by Teresa Riera
Madurell and Danut? Budreikait?.

Question 58 (Sarah Ludford): Counterfeiting of medicines.
Gnter Verheugen (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and a supplementary by Sarah Ludford.

Question 59 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Measures to boost European
entrepreneurship.
Gnter Verheugen answered the question and supplementaries by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou and Danut? Budreikait?.

Question 60 (Glenis Willmott): Engineering in the EU.
Gnter Verheugen answered the question and a supplementary by Glenis
Willmott.

Question 61 (Georgios Papastamkos): Carbon dioxide emissions from
automobiles.
Gnter Verheugen answered the question and a supplementary by Georgios
Papastamkos.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.35 and resumed at 21.00.)



                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President


