14. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0019/2008).

Part one
Question 45 (Manolis Mavrommatis): Exchange of information relating to bank
accounts.
Gnter Verheugen (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question.

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President

Gnter Verheugen also answered the supplementary questions by Manolis
Mavrommatis, Reinhard Rack and Jrg Leichtfried.

Question 46 (Sad El Khadraoui): Particulate emissions from mopeds.

Gnter Verheugen answered the question and a supplementary by Sad El
Khadraoui.

Question 47 (Johan Van Hecke): 2.2 billion children in need.

Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Johan Van Hecke, Christopher Heaton-Harris and Andreas
Mlzer.

Part two
Question 48 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Social security reforms in
Greece.

Vladimr ?pidla answered the question and a supplementary by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou.

Question 49 (Eoin Ryan): Combating youth and long-term unemployment in
Europe.

Vladimr ?pidla answered the question and supplementaries by Eoin Ryan,
Reinhard Rack and Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou.

Question 50 (Robert Evans): EU anti-discrimination legislation.

Vladimr ?pidla answered the question and supplementaries by Robert Evans,
Jim Allister and Philip Bushill-Matthews.

The following spoke: Mario Mantovani

Questions 51 to 61 would receive written answers.

Questions 62 and 63 were not taken as the agenda already provided for their
subjects to be discussed.

Question 64 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Fisheries Agreement with Morocco.

Joe Borg (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Manuel Medina Ortega and Rosa Migulez Ramos.

Question 65 (Sharon Bowles): Small boat fishermen.

Joe Borg answered the question and a supplementary by Sharon Bowles.

Question 66 (Sen  Neachtain): Decommissioning programme for one third of
the Irish whitefish sector.

Joe Borg answered the question and a supplementary by Sen  Neachtain.

Question 67 lapsed as its author was absent.

Question 68 (Ioannis Gklavakis): Serious infringements of the rules of the
common fisheries policy in 2005.

Joe Borg answered the question and a supplementary by Ioannis Gklavakis.

Question 69 would receive a written answer.

Question 70 (Giovanna Corda): Progression of bluetongue in northern Europe.

Androula Vassiliou (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Giovanna Corda and James Nicholson.

Question 71 (Marian Harkin): Brazilian beef.
Question 72 (Brian Crowley): Brazilian beef.

Androula Vassiliou answered the questions and supplementaries by Marian
Harkin, Brian Crowley, Mairead McGuinness and Elspeth Attwooll.

Question 73 (Avril Doyle): Proposal on healthcare.

Androula Vassiliou answered the question and supplementaries by Avril Doyle
and Mairead McGuinness.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.00 and resumed at 21.00.)

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President


