17. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0384/2007).

Part one
Question 34 (Lambert van Nistelrooij): Energy - World Trade Organisation.
Gnter Verheugen (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and supplementaries by Lambert van Nistelrooij, Paul Rbig and Jrg
Leichtfried.

Question 35 (Justas Vincas Paleckis): Sustainable urban development model.
Gnter Verheugen answered the question and supplementaries by Justas Vincas
Paleckis and Reinhard Rack.

Question 36 (Karin Riis-Jrgensen): Net neutrality in the telecom reform
package.
Viviane Reding (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Karin Riis-Jrgensen, Malcolm Harbour and Paul Rbig.

Part two
Question 37 (Colm Burke): European Charter for Small Enterprises.
Gnter Verheugen answered the question and supplementaries by Colm Burke
and Malcolm Harbour.

Question 38 (Jim Higgins): Noise pollution from motor vehicles.
Gnter Verheugen answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins,
Hubert Pirker and Margarita Starkevi?i?t?.

 Question 39 would receive a written answer.

Question 40 (Giovanna Corda): Liberalisation of the energy market for the
benefit of consumers.
Andris Piebalgs (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Giovanna Corda, Teresa Riera Madurell and Danut?
Budreikait?.

Question 41 lapsed as its author was absent.

Question 42 (Bernd Posselt): Energy cooperation in south-east Europe.
Andris Piebalgs answered the question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt
and Danut? Budreikait?.

Question 43 (Mairead McGuinness): Ireland's integration into the EU energy
market.
Andris Piebalgs answered the question and a supplementary by Jim Higgins
(deputising for the author).

Questions 44 to 52 would receive written answers.

Question 53 (Georgios Papastamkos): EU funding of European environmental
NGOs.
Andris Piebalgs answered the question and supplementaries by Georgios
Papastamkos and Jrg Leichtfried.

Question 54 (Claude Moraes): Waste crime / protection of the environment
through criminal law.
Andris Piebalgs answered the question and supplementaries by Claude Moraes
and Reinhard Rack.

Question 55 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Wastewater treatment plants in
Greece.
Andris Piebalgs answered the question and a supplementary by Dimitrios
Papadimoulis.

Questions 67 and 83 were inadmissible.

Questions 56 to 66, 68 to 82 and 84 to 90 would receive written answers.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.10 and resumed at 21.05.)

                   IN THE CHAIR: Rodi KRATSA-TSAGAROPOULOU
                               Vice-President


