13. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0316/2007).

Part one
Question 32 (Richard Corbett): Respecting the specificity of sport.
Jn Fige? (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Richard Corbett, Reinhard Rack and Manolis Mavrommatis.

Question 33 (Chris Davies): Biofuels.
Andris Piebalgs (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Chris Davies, Jrg Leichtfried and Georgios Papastamkos.

Question 34 (Brian Crowley): The state of play in the WTO talks.
Mariann Fischer Boel (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Brian Crowley, Marian Harkin and Jrg Leichtfried.


Part two

Question 35 (Georgios Papastamkos): Doha Round negotiations on agriculture.
Mariann Fischer Boel answered the question and supplementaries by Georgios
Papastamkos, Reinhard Rack and Jim Allister.

Question 36 had been declared inadmissible as its author was no longer a
Member.

Question 37 (Ioannis Gklavakis): Amendment of the CMO in wine.
Mariann Fischer Boel answered the question and a supplementary by Ioannis
Gklavakis.

Question 38 (Katerina Batzeli): Payment of CAP support for areas hit by
fires.
Question 39 (Georgios Karatzaferis): Funding of non-governmental
organisations and bodies for immediate reafforestation in Greece.
Mariann Fischer Boel answered the questions and a supplementary by Stavros
Arnaoutakis (deputising for the author).

Question 40 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Funding for research.
Janez Poto?nik (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Justas Vincas Paleckis
and Paul Rbig.

Question 41 (Esko Seppnen): ITER project.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and a supplementary by Esko Seppnen.

Question 42 (Carl Schlyter): Nanotechnology.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and supplementaries by Carl Schlyter,
Paul Rbig and Piia-Noora Kauppi.

Questions 43 and 44 would receive written replies.

Question 45 (Sarah Ludford): London buses.
Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
a supplementary by Sarah Ludford.

Question 46 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Connecting Bucharest, Constanza and
Sofia to the European high-speed rail network.
Jacques Barrot answered the question and a supplementary by Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Question 47 (Bernd Posselt): High-speed rail links Paris-Budapest and
Strasbourg-Brussels.
Jacques Barrot answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd Posselt.

Question 48 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Final judgment by the Greek Court on
Olympic Airways (OA).
Jacques Barrot answered the question and a supplementary by Dimitrios
Papadimoulis.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

The following spoke: Jrg Leichtfried , who complained of the difficulty of
obtaining oral rather than written replies to questions. (The President
noted this and informed the Member that Question Time was the subject of
particular attention within the Working Party on the Internal Reform of
Parliament.)

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.30 and resumed at 21.00.)

                      IN THE CHAIR: Alejo VIDAL-QUADRAS
                               Vice-President


