12. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0161/2008).

The following spoke: Miloslav Ransdorf.

Part one
Question 25 (Lambert van Nistelrooij): Mobile termination tariffs.
Mariann Fischer Boel (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Lambert van Nistelrooij.

Question 26 (Katerina Batzeli): Crisis management policy to deal with high
prices on the market.
Question 27 (Leopold Jzef Rutowicz): Price rises in the EU.
Mariann Fischer Boel answered the questions and supplementaries by Katerina
Batzeli, Leopold Jzef Rutowicz, Danut? Budreikait?, Andreas Mlzer, Jim
Allister and Ewa Tomaszewska.

Part two
Question 28 (Ioannis Gklavakis): Fish farming strategy.
Joe Borg (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Ioannis Gklavakis, Reinhard Rack and Jrg Leichtfried.

Question 29 (Brian Crowley): Safety tonnage application.
Joe Borg answered the question and a supplementary by Brian Crowley.

Question 30 (Sen  Neachtain): Impact of North American imports on Irish
shell fishermen.
Joe Borg answered the question and supplementaries by Sen  Neachtain and
Reinhard Rack.

Question 31 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Promotion of environmental
protection through enterprises.

Stavros Dimas (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou and Georgios Papastamkos.

Question 32 (Georgios Papastamkos): International deliberations on the
environment.

Stavros Dimas answered the question and a supplementary by Georgios
Papastamkos.

Question 34 had been withdrawn.

Questions 33 and 35 to 44 would receive written answers.
The following spoke: Dimitrios Papadimoulis on the conduct of Question
Time.

Question 45 (Armando Frana): Frontex.

Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Armando Frana and Wies?aw Stefan Kuc.

Question 46 lapsed as its author was absent.

Question 47 (Gay Mitchell): Measures to combat terrorism and the
fundamental right to privacy.

Jacques Barrot answered the question and supplementaries by Gay Mitchell
and Armando Frana.

Question 48 (Claude Moraes): European Arrest Warrant.

Jacques Barrot answered the question and supplementaries by Claude Moraes
and Armando Frana.

Questions 49 to 59, 61 to 63, 65 to 71 and 74 to 84 would be answered in
writing (see annex to the verbatim report).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.20 and resumed at 21.00.)

                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President


