4. Common standards and procedures in Member States for returning illegally
staying third-country nationals ***I  (debate)

Report: on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of
the Council on common standards and procedures in Member States for
returning illegally staying third-country nationals [COM(2005)0391 - C6-
0266/2005 - 2005/0167(COD)] - Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and
Home Affairs. Rapporteur: Manfred Weber (A6-0339/2007)

The following spoke: Dragutin Mate (President-in-Office of the Council) and
Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission).

Manfred Weber introduced the report.

The following spoke: Agustn Daz de Mera Garca Consuegra, on behalf of
the PPE-DE Group, Martine Roure, on behalf of the PSE Group, Jeanine Hennis-
Plasschaert, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Jean Lambert, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Andrzej Tomasz Zapa?owski, on behalf of the UEN Group,
Giusto Catania, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Hlne Goudin, on behalf of
the IND/DEM Group, Frank Vanhecke, Non-attached Member, Simon Busuttil,
Claudio Fava, Grard Deprez, Hlne Flautre, Roberta Angelilli, Eva-Britt
Svensson, Gerard Batten, Roberto Fiore, Urszula Gacek and Stavros
Lambrinidis.

                   IN THE CHAIR: Rodi KRATSA-TSAGAROPOULOU
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Alexander Alvaro, Pierre Jonckheer, Mario Borghezio,
Athanasios Pafilis, Carlos Coelho, Javier Moreno Snchez, Sarah Ludford,
Willy Meyer Pleite, Marian-Jean Marinescu, Wolfgang Kreissl-Drfler, Marco
Cappato, Patrick Gaubert, Inger Segelstrm, Panayiotis Demetriou, Genowefa
Grabowska, Stefano Zappal, Frieda Brepoels and Manolis Mavrommatis.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Ioannis
Varvitsiotis, Pierre Pribetich, Miroslav Mikol?ik, Jean-Claude Martinez,
Petru Filip, Nicolae Vlad Popa and Ewa Klamt.

The following spoke: Dragutin Mate, Jacques Barrot and Manfred Weber.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 18.06.2008, item 3.4.

