18. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0382/2007).

Part one
Question 36 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Effects of the value of the euro on
competitive tourism.
Gnter Verheugen (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and a supplementary by Manuel Medina Ortega.

Questions 37 and 38 lapsed as their authors were absent.

Part two
Question 39 lapsed as its author was absent.

Question 40 (Bart Staes): European Development Days - Maumoon Abdul Gayoom.
Louis Michel answered the question and a supplementary by Bart Staes.

Question 41 (Gay Mitchell): Slums and development.
Louis Michel answered the question and supplementaries by Mairead
McGuinness, Gay Mitchell and Danut? Budreikait?.

The following spoke: Gay Mitchell and Claude Moraes on the conduct of
Question Time.
Question 42 (Jim Higgins): Increasing road safety in developing countries.
Louis Michel answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins,
Robert Evans and Justas Vincas Paleckis.

Questions 43 to 46 would receive written answers.

Question 47 (Marco Cappato): Dialogue for reconciliation in Cyprus.
Olli Rehn (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Marco Cappato and Reinhard Rack.

Question 48 (Bernd Posselt): EU administration in Kosovo.
Olli Rehn answered the question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt and
Hubert Pirker.

Question 49 (Michl Ebner): Accession negotiations with Croatia.
Olli Rehn answered the question and supplementaries by Michl Ebner,
Reinhard Rack and Bernd Posselt.

Questions 50 to 55 would receive written answers.

Question 56 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Living conditions and
education of illegal child immigrants.
Franco Frattini (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and supplementaries by Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou and Hubert Pirker.

Question 57 (Sarah Ludford): Entry-exit scheme.
Franco Frattini answered the question and supplementaries by Sarah Ludford
and Mairead McGuinness.

Question 58 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Provisions in the new treaty on the
supply of personal data of EU citizens to third countries.
Franco Frattini answered the question and supplementaries by Dimitrios
Papadimoulis and Sarah Ludford.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.


