22. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0448/2006).

Part one
Question 37 (Sharon Bowles): Workers from Romania and Bulgaria.
Olli Rehn (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Sharon Bowles, Richard Corbett and Alexander Stubb.

Question 38 (David Martin): Duty-free sales within the new aviation
security regulations.
Joe Borg (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by David Martin, Reinhard Rack and Jrg Leichtfried.

Question 39 (Reinhard Rack): Compensation for flight delays.
Joe Borg answered the question and supplementaries by Reinhard Rack, Robert
Evans and Richard Seeber.

Part two
Question 40 (Chris Davies): EU measures to end the discard of by-catch.
Joe Borg answered the question and supplementaries by Chris Davies and Jim
Allister.

Question 41 had been withdrawn.

Question 42 (Teresa Riera Madurell): Action taken by the Commission on the
recommendations set out in the report on women and fishing.
Joe Borg answered the question and a supplementary by Teresa Riera
Madurell.

Questions 43 to 45 would receive written answers.

Question 46 (Lambert van Nistelrooij): Economic and innovative changes of
demographic change.
Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Lambert van Nistelrooij, Danut? Budreikait? and Andreas
Mlzer.

Question 47 (Bernd Posselt): Demography and child-raising salary.
Vladimr ?pidla answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd Posselt.

Questions 48 to 53 would receive written answers.

Question 54 (Marc Tarabella): Failure of consumer policy in the internal
market.
Markos Kyprianou (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Marc Tarabella.

Question 55 (Sarah Ludford): GM rice.
Markos Kyprianou answered the question and a supplementary by Sarah
Ludford.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.50 and resumed at 21.00.)

                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President


