16. Consequences of the recent gas crisis - Second Strategic Energy Review
- Challenge of energy efficiency through information and communication
technologies (debate)

Commission statement: Consequences of the recent gas crisis

Report on the Second Strategic Energy Review [2008/2239(INI)] - Committee
on Industry, Research and Energy. Rapporteur: Anne Laperrouze (A6-
0013/2009)

Oral question (O-0115/2008) by Vladimr Remek, on behalf of the ITRE
Committee, to the Commission: Challenge of energy efficiency through
information and communication technologies (B6-0003/2009)

Andris Piebalgs (Member of the Commission) made the statement.

Anne Laperrouze introduced the report.

Vladimr Remek moved the oral question.

Viviane Reding (Member of the Commission) answered the oral question.

The following spoke: Giorgos Dimitrakopoulos (rapporteur for the opinion of
the AFET Committee), Romana Jordan Cizelj, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
and Mechtild Rothe, on behalf of the PSE Group.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Marek SIWIEC
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Antonio
Mussa, on behalf of the UEN Group, Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Esko Seppnen, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Bastiaan
Belder, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Desislav Chukolov, Non-attached
Member, Gunnar Hkmark, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Lena Ek, Eugenijus Maldeikis,
Claude Turmes, Miloslav Ransdorf, Sergej Kozlk, Nikolaos Vakalis, Hannes
Swoboda, Konrad Szyma?ski, David Hammerstein, Jerzy Buzek and Reino
Paasilinna.

                       IN THE CHAIR: Luisa MORGANTINI
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Fiona Hall, Roberts Z?le, Paul Rbig, Teresa Riera
Madurell, Olle Schmidt, Dariusz Maciej Grabowski, Herbert Reul, Atanas
Paparizov, Andrzej Wielowieyski, Pter Olajos, Libor Rou?ek, Danut?
Budreikait?, Zbigniew Krzysztof Ku?miuk, Avril Doyle, Evgeni Kirilov,
Leopold Jzef Rutowicz, Mairead McGuinness, Emanuel Jardim Fernandes and
Iliana Malinova Iotova.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: C?lin C?t?lin
Chiri??, Colm Burke, Ioan Mircea Pa?cu, Zita Ple?tinsk, Janusz
Onyszkiewicz, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, Flaviu C?lin Rus and Nicolae Vlad Popa.

The following spoke: Andris Piebalgs.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Grard ONESTA
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Viviane Reding and Anne Laperrouze.

Challenge of energy efficiency through information and communication
technologies

Motion for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 108(5):
- Vladimr Remek, on behalf of the ITRE Committee, on addressing the
challenge of energy efficiency through information and communication
technologies (B6-0062/2009)

The debate closed.

Vote: Report: Anne Laperrouze - A6-0013/2009: minutes of 3.2.2009, item
6.7, motion for a resolution B6-0062/2009: minutes of 4.2.2009, item 7.2


