14. A political solution with regard to the piracy off the Somalian coast
(debate)

Council and Commission statements: A political solution with regard to the
piracy off the Somalian coast

Carl Bildt (President-in-Office of the Council) and Benita Ferrero-Waldner
(Member of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Cristiana Muscardini, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Roberto Gualtieri, on behalf of the S&D Group, Izaskun Bilbao Barandica, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, Reinhard Btikofer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE
Group, Willy Meyer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Niki Tzavela, on behalf
of the EFD Group, Luis de Grandes Pascual, Sad El Khadraoui, Franziska
Katharina Brantner and Eider Gardiazbal Rubial, who also replied to a blue-
card question from Luis de Grandes Pascual.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Georgios
Papanikolaou, Josefa Andrs Barea, Ral Romeva i Rueda, Carmen Fraga
Estvez and Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke.

The following spoke: Carl Bildt and Benita Ferrero-Waldner.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Adrian Severin, Roberto Gualtieri, Mara Paloma Muiz De Urquiza and
Brian Simpson, on behalf of the S&D Group Roberto Gualtieri, Mara Paloma
Muiz De Urquiza and Brian Simpson, on behalf of the S&D Group, on a
political solution to the problem of piracy off the Somalian coast (B7-
0158/2009),

- Izaskun Bilbao Barandica, Jeanine Hennis-Plasschaert, Johannes Cornelis
van Baalen, Marielle De Sarnez and Ramon Tremosa I Balcells, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, on piracy off the Somali coast (B7-0159/2009),

- Luis de Grandes Pascual, Filip Kaczmarek, Michael Gahler, Arnaud Danjean,
Mario Mauro and Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, on behalf of the PPE
Group, on a political solution to the problem of piracy off the Somalian
coast (B7-0160/2009),

- Reinhard Btikofer, Franziska Katharina Brantner and Ral Romeva i Rueda,
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on a political solution with regard to
the piracy off the Somalian coast (B7-0161/2009),

- Sabine Lsing, Willy Meyer and Ilda Figueiredo, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, on a political solution with regard to the piracy off the Somali
coast (B7-0162/2009),

- Geoffrey Van Orden, Pawe? Robert Kowal, Charles Tannock, Tomasz Piotr
Por?ba, Ryszard Czarnecki, Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski, Adam Bielan and Ryszard
Antoni Legutko, on behalf of the ECR Group, on a political solution to the
problem of piracy off the Somalian coast (B7-0163/2009).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 26.11.2009, item 8.2.

