6. Preparation of the European Council to be held on 10 and 11 December
2009 (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Preparation of the European Council to
be held on 10 and 11 December 2009

Cecilia Malmstrm (President-in-Office of the Council) and Jos Manuel
Barroso (President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group, Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group, Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Timothy Kirkhope,
on behalf of the ECR Group, who also answered a 'blue card' question by
John Bufton, Lothar Bisky, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Nigel Farage, on
behalf of the EFD Group, who also answered a 'blue card' question by Edit
Herczog, Andreas Mlzer, Non-attached Member, Cecilia Malmstrm, Jos
Manuel Barroso and Mario Mauro.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Gianni PITTELLA
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Juan Fernando Lpez Aguilar, Alexander Graf
Lambsdorff, Jill Evans, Peter van Dalen, Takis Hadjigeorgiou, Zoltn
Balcz, Marietta Giannakou, Catherine Trautmann, Marielle De Sarnez, Gerald
Hfner, Roberts Z?le, Andrey Kovatchev, Glenis Willmott, Diana Wallis,
Miros?aw Piotrowski, Gunnar Hkmark, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Charles Goerens,
Simon Busuttil, Jrg Leichtfried, Tunne Kelam, Zoran Thaler, Andrzej Grzyb,
Ivari Padar, Alojz Peterle, Gran Frm, Sen Kelly, Diogo Feio, Jnos der
and Othmar Karas.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Jean-Pierre Audy,
Andreas Mlzer, Rachida Dati, Aldo Patriciello, Czes?aw Adam Siekierski and
Petru Constantin Luhan.

The following spoke: Cecilia Malmstrm and Margot Wallstrm (Vice-President
of the Commission).

The debate closed.

                    (The sitting was suspended at 11.40.)

   (From 11.45 to 12.05, Members gathered for the award of the LUX prize.)

                       (The sitting resumed at 12.05.)

                          IN THE CHAIR: Jerzy BUZEK
                                  President


