17. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0138/2007).

Part one
Question 31 (Silvia Ciornei): Forced labour in Europe.
Franco Frattini (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and supplementaries by Silvia Ciornei, Reinhard Rack and Danut?
Budreikait?.

Question 32 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Action against international crime and
the European Court of Justice.
Franco Frattini answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina
Ortega, Andreas Mlzer and Hubert Pirker.

Question 33 (Mairead McGuinness): Role of EU research in relation to
European food policy.
Janez Poto?nik (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Mairead McGuinness, Jim Allister and John Purvis.

Part two
Question 34 (Brian Crowley): The operation of the EU budget.
Dalia Grybauskait? (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Brian Crowley, Paul Rbig and Reinhard Rack.

Question 35 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Planning of subject
disciplines and areas of learning under the 'Education and Training 2010'
programme.
Jn Fige? answered the question and a supplementary by Marie Panayotopoulos-
Cassiotou.

Question 36 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Education drop-out rates.
Jn Fige? answered the question and supplementaries by Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u
and Kathy Sinnott.

Question 37 (Esko Seppnen): EIT.
Jn Fige? answered the question and supplementaries by Esko Seppnen, John
Purvis and Danut? Budreikait?.

Questions 38 and 39 would receive written answers.

Question 41 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Absolute prohibition of conversion of
fixed-term contracts into contracts of indefinite duration in Greek public
sector.
Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Dimitrios Papadimoulis.

Question 42 (Sarah Ludford): Equal opportunities.
Vladimr ?pidla answered the question and a supplementary by Sarah Ludford.

The following spoke: Proinsias De Rossa spoke on the grouping together of
questions 43 to 47.

Question 43 (Richard Howitt): Backing independent living with action.
Question 44 (Evangelia Tzampazi): Promotion of independent living for
persons with disabilities.
Question 45 (Proinsias De Rossa): Rights of people with a disability.
Question 46 (Gra?yna Staniszewska): Mainstreaming for disabled people.
Question 47 (Kathy Sinnott): Representation of disabled people.
Vladimr ?pidla answered the questions and supplementaries by Richard
Howitt, Evangelia Tzampazi, Proinsias De Rossa and Kathy Sinnott.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.


