11. Revised Hungarian constitution (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Revised Hungarian constitution

Enik? Gy?ri (President-in-Office of the Council) and Viviane Reding (Vice-
President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Jzsef Szjer, on behalf of the PPE Group, Juan
Fernando Lpez Aguilar, on behalf of the S&D Group, Renate Weber, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, Timothy Kirkhope, on behalf of the ECR Group, Judith
Sargentini, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Rui Tavares, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, who also replied to a blue-card question by Dimitar
Stoyanov, Jaroslav Pa?ka, on behalf of the EFD Group, Dimitar Stoyanov, Non-
attached Member, Simon Busuttil, Monika Fla?kov Be?ov, Sarah Ludford,
Lajos Bokros, Ulrike Lunacek, who also replied to two blue-card questions
by Kinga Gl and Jzsef Szjer, Mario Mauro, Kinga Gncz, Sophia in 't
Veld, Manfred Weber, Zita Gurmai, Alexander Alvaro, who also answered, four
blue-card questions by Ildik Gll-Pelcz, Jzsef Szjer, Manfred Weber and
Vytautas Landsbergis, Kinga Gl, who also answered three blue-card
questions Vladimr Ma?ka, Alexander Alvaro and Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Boris
Zala, Nathalie Griesbeck, Sen Kelly, Glenis Willmott, Eduard Kukan, who
also replied to a blue-card question by Kinga Gncz, Sylvie Guillaume, who
also replied to a blue-card question by Ildik Gll-Pelcz, Victor
Bo?tinaru, who also replied to a blue-card question by Jzsef Szjer,
Debora Serracchiani and Emine Bozkurt who also replied to a blue-card
question by Jzsef Szjer.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Ildik Gll-Pelcz,
dm Ksa, Monika Smolkov, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Ivo Vajgl, Sophia in 't
Veld, Jacek Olgierd Kurski, Csaba Sgor, Sophia in 't Veld, who referred to
her previous speech, Edit Bauer, Jnos der, Zbigniew Ziobro, Kinga Gncz,
Elmar Brok, Andrs Gyrk and Jan Philipp Albrecht.

The following spoke: Viviane Reding and Enik? Gy?ri.

The following spoke: Judith Sargentini on the allocation of speaking time.

The motions for resolutions to be tabled under Rule 110(2) would be
announced in the House at a later time.

The debate closed.

Vote: next part-session.

