3. 4th report on economic and social cohesion - Territorial Agenda and the
Leipzig Charter (debate)

Report on the fourth report on economic and social cohesion
[2007/2148(INI)] - Committee on Regional Development. Rapporteur: Ambroise
Guellec (A6-0023/2008)

Report on the Follow-up of the Territorial Agenda and the Leipzig Charter :
Towards a European Action Programme for Spatial Development and Territorial
Cohesion [2007/2190(INI)] - Committee on Regional Development. Rapporteur:
Gisela Kallenbach (A6-0028/2008)

Ambroise Guellec introduced the report.

Gisela Kallenbach introduced the report.

The following spoke: Danuta Hbner (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Nathalie Griesbeck (draftsman of the opinion of the
BUDG Committee), Pedro Guerreiro (draftsman of the opinion of the PECH
Committee), Old?ich Vlask, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Constanze Angela
Krehl, on behalf of the PSE Group, Gra?yna Staniszewska, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Mieczys?aw Edmund Janowski, on behalf of the UEN Group,
Elisabeth Schroedter, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Pedro Guerreiro, on
behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the IND/DEM
Group, Jean-Claude Martinez, Non-attached Member, Lambert van Nistelrooij,
Iratxe Garca Prez, Jean Marie Beaupuy, Wies?aw Stefan Kuc, Alyn Smith,
Bairbre de Brn, Derek Roland Clark, Rolf Berend and Pierre Pribetich.

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Elspeth Attwooll, Andrzej Tomasz Zapa?owski, Jan
Olbrycht, Evgeni Kirilov, Marian Harkin, Bogus?aw Rogalski, Markus Pieper,
Emanuel Jardim Fernandes, Samuli Pohjamo, Emmanouil Angelakas, Andrzej Jan
Szejna, Srgio Marques, Gbor Harangoz, Miroslav Mikol?ik, Milo? Koterec,
James Nicholson, Stavros Arnaoutakis, Rumiana Jeleva, Jamila Madeira and
Catherine Stihler.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Maria Petre, Lidia
Joanna Geringer de Oedenberg, Daniel D?ianu, Antonio De Blasio, Wolfgang
Bulfon, Zita Ple?tinsk and Reinhard Rack.

The following spoke: Danuta Hbner, Ambroise Guellec and Gisela Kallenbach.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 21.02.2008, item 4.9 and minutes of 21.02.2008, item 4.10.
   (The sitting was suspended at 11.55 pending voting time and resumed at
                                   12.05.)

                      IN THE CHAIR: Hans-Gert PTTERING
                                  President


