14. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0411/2011).

Question 12 (Jrgen Klute): Colombian human rights and the Free Trade
Agreement (FTA).
Karel De Gucht (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Jrgen Klute and Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke.

Question 13 (Nikolaos Chountis): Competition law and public property.
Joaqun Almunia (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and a supplementary by Nikolaos Chountis.

Question 14 (Gay Mitchell): National Asset Management Agency.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins
(deputising for the author) and Sen Kelly.

Question 15 (Pat the Cope Gallagher): Irish banking sector.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and supplementaries by Pat the Cope
Gallagher, Jim Higgins and Marian Harkin.

Question 16 (Mairead McGuinness): Proper functioning of the food supply
chain.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins
(deputising for the author) and Sen Kelly.

Question 17 (Nadezhda Neynsky): Financing of Belene nuclear power plant
with state aid.
Joaqun Almunia answered the question and a supplementary by Nadezhda
Neynsky.

Question 19 (Marian Harkin): Regulation (EC) No 561/2006.
Siim Kallas (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Marian Harkin.

Question 21 (Ismail Ertug): Commission's position on mega-trucks.
Siim Kallas answered the question and a supplementary by Ismail Ertug.

Question 22 (Marc Tarabella): Airlines' non-compliance with Regulation (EC)
No 261/2004 with regard to protection and information for passengers.
Siim Kallas answered the question and a supplementary by Marc Tarabella.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.00 and resumed at 21.00.)

                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President


