2. Towards Europe-wide Safer, Cleaner and Efficient Mobility: The First
Intelligent Car Report (debate)

Report: on the Communication from the Commission to the European
Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the
Committee of the Regions: Towards Europe-wide Safer, Cleaner and Efficient
Mobility: The First Intelligent Car Report [2007/2259(INI)] - Committee on
Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Zita Gurmai (A6-0169/2008)

Zita Gurmai introduced the report.

The following spoke: Antonio Tajani (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Dieter-Lebrecht Koch, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, on behalf of the PSE Group, Pawe? Bart?omiej
Piskorski, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Sepp Kusstatscher, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Wies?aw Stefan Kuc, on behalf of the UEN Group, Johannes
Blokland, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Luca Romagnoli, Non-attached
Member, Lus Queir, Robert Evans, Zdzis?aw Zbigniew Podka?ski, Reinhard
Rack, Bogus?aw Liberadzki, Malcolm Harbour, Genowefa Grabowska and Marian-
Jean Marinescu.

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Pierre Pribetich, Etelka Barsi-Pataky, Jrg
Leichtfried, Emanuel Jardim Fernandes and Ins Ayala Sender.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Milan Ga?a,
Marusya Ivanova Lyubcheva and Tom? Zatloukal.

The following spoke: Antonio Tajani and Zita Gurmai.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 19.06.2008, item 3.10.
The following spoke: Robert Evans, who regretted the fact that, as the
morning's agenda had been completed, the sitting would be suspended until
the vote; he called for the matter to be referred to the appropriate
authorities with a view to remedying the situation in future (the President
noted this request).

   (The sitting was suspended at 11.30 pending voting time and resumed at
                                   12.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Diana WALLIS
                               Vice-President


