6. Governance and partnership in the single market - Single market for
Europeans - Single market for enterprises and growth - Public procurement
(continuation of debate)

Report on Governance and Partnership in the Single Market [2010/2289(INI)]
- Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection. Rapporteur:
Sandra Kalniete (A7-0083/2011)

Report on a Single Market for Europeans [2010/2278(INI)] - Committee on the
Internal Market and Consumer Protection. Rapporteur: Antnio Fernando
Correia De Campos (A7-0072/2011)

Report on a Single Market for Enterprises and Growth [2010/2277(INI)] -
Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection. Rapporteur:
Cristian Silviu Bu?oi (A7-0071/2011)

Commission statement: Public procurement

The following spoke: Othmar Karas, on behalf of the PPE Group, Evelyne
Gebhardt, on behalf of the S&D Group, Morten Lkkegaard, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Emilie Turunen, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Malcolm
Harbour, on behalf of the ECR Group, who also replied to a blue-card
question from Nicole Sinclaire, Kyriacos Triantaphyllides, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, Matteo Salvini, on behalf of the EFD Group, Nicole
Sinclaire, on the blue-card procedure, Laurence J.A.J. Stassen, Non-
attached Member, R?a Grfin von Thun und Hohenstein, Mitro Repo, Olle
Schmidt, Pascal Canfin, Edvard Ko?u?nk, Eva-Britt Svensson, Oreste Rossi,
Csand Szegedi, Andreas Schwab, Bernadette Vergnaud, Adina-Ioana V?lean,
Emma McClarkin, Cornelis de Jong, Jaroslav Pa?ka, Mike Nattrass, Amalia
Sartori, Patrizia Toia, Ashley Fox, Thomas Hndel and Philippe Juvin.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Libor ROU?EK
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Marc Tarabella, Zuzana Roithov, Louis Grech, Tadeusz
Zwiefka, Evelyn Regner, Regina Bastos, Franoise Castex, Ma?gorzata
Handzlik, Sergio Gaetano Cofferati and George Sabin Cuta?.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Ildik Gll-Pelcz,
Monika Fla?kov Be?ov, Andrew Henry William Brons, Lara Comi, Catherine
Stihler, Miroslav Mikol?ik, Mara Irigoyen Prez, Sen Kelly, Ilda
Figueiredo, Olga Sehnalov, Anna Maria Corazza Bildt and Sylvana Rapti.

The following spoke: Michel Barnier, Enik? Gy?ri, Sandra Kalniete, Antnio
Fernando Correia De Campos and Cristian Silviu Bu?oi.

The following spoke: Nicole Sinclaire who made a personal statement.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 6.4.2011, item 8.18, minutes of 6.4.2011, item 8.19 and
minutes of 6.4.2011, item 8.20.
The vote on the Commission statement on "Public procurement" will take
place during the next part-session.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Gianni PITTELLA
                               Vice-President


