12. Lessons to be drawn for nuclear safety in Europe following the nuclear
accident in Japan (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Lessons to be drawn for nuclear safety
in Europe following the nuclear accident in Japan

Enik? Gy?ri (President-in-Office of the Council) and Gnther Oettinger
(Member of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Corien Wortmann-Kool, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Marita Ulvskog, on behalf of the S&D Group, Lena Ek, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Giles Chichester,
on behalf of the ECR Group, Sabine Wils, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
Niki Tzavela, on behalf of the EFD Group, Pilar del Castillo Vera, Teresa
Riera Madurell, Fiona Hall, Claude Turmes, Konrad Szyma?ski, Miloslav
Ransdorf, Peter Liese, Catherine Trautmann, Corinne Lepage, Paul Rbig and
Corinne Lepage, to put two blue-card questions to Catherine Trautmann, who
replied, Ev?en To?enovsk, Herbert Reul, who also replied to a blue-card
question by Rebecca Harms, Giles Chichester, on the rules governing the
sitting, Michael Cramer, to put a blue-card question to Herbert Reul, who
replied, Jo Leinen, Antonio Cancian, Edit Herczog, Gaston Franco, Kathleen
Van Brempt, Bogus?aw Sonik, Ioan Enciu, Arturs Kri?j?nis Kari??, Mario
Pirillo, Romana Jordan Cizelj, who also replied to three blue-card
questions by Sonia Alfano, Judith A. Merkies and Hannes Swoboda, Richard
Seeber and Marian-Jean Marinescu.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Laima Liucija
Andrikien?, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Anneli Jtteenmki, Michle Rivasi,
Jaroslav Pa?ka, Angelika Werthmann, Mairead McGuinness and Kriton Arsenis.

The following spoke: Gnther Oettinger and Enik? Gy?ri.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Corien Wortmann-Kool, Pilar del Castillo Vera, Peter Liese, Herbert Reul,
Lena Kolarska-Bobi?ska, Romana Jordan Cizelj and Jean-Pierre Audy, on
behalf of the PPE Group, on the lessons to be drawn for nuclear safety in
Europe following the nuclear accident in Japan (B7-0236/2011);

- Marita Ulvskog, on behalf of the S&D Group, on the Commission statement -
Lessons to be drawn for nuclear safety in Europe following the nuclear
accident in Japan (B7-0237/2011);

- Giles Chichester, Konrad Szyma?ski and Ev?en To?enovsk, on behalf of the
ECR Group, on the lessons to be drawn for nuclear safety in Europe
following the nuclear accident in Japan (B7-0240/2011);

- Lena Ek and Fiona Hall, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on lessons to be
drawn for nuclear safety in Europe following the nuclear accident in Japan
(B7-0241/2011);

- Rebecca Harms and Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
on the lessons to be drawn for nuclear safety in Europe following the
nuclear accident in Japan (B7-0242/2011);

- Bairbre de Brn, Takis Hadjigeorgiou, Nikolaos Chountis, Elie Hoarau,
Marie-Christine Vergiat and Marisa Matias, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
on lessons to be drawn for nuclear safety in Europe following the nuclear
accident in Japan (B7-0243/2011).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 7.4.2011, item 6.2.

