2. Fight against terrorism (debate)

Oral question (O-0046/2007) by Manfred Weber, on behalf of the PPE-DE
Group, Martine Roure, on behalf of the PSE Group, Alexander Alvaro, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, Cristiana Muscardini and Roberta Angelilli, on
behalf of the UEN Group, to the Council: Fight against terrorism (B6-
0139/2007)

Oral question (O-0051/2007) by Manfred Weber and Joseph Daul, on behalf of
the PPE-DE Group, Martine Roure, on behalf of the PSE Group, Alexander
Alvaro, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Cristiana Muscardini and Roberta
Angelilli, on behalf of the UEN Group to the Commission: Fight against
terrorism (B6-0313/2007)

Oral question (O-0053/2007) by Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg, Hlne Flautre
and Cem zdemir, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Giusto Catania, on
behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, to the Council: Fight against terrorism (B6-
0314/2007)

The President established that the President-in-Office of the Council had
not yet arrived.

The following spoke:Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg requested that the debate be
held over until the President-in-Office of the Council arrived, as oral
questions were for the Council.

However, the President proposed to the House that the debate open
immediately, in order to remain within the limits of the time allowed.

The House agreed to the proposal.
Joseph Daul, Martine Roure, Alexander Alvaro, Cristiana Muscardini,
Kathalijne Maria Buitenweg and Giusto Catania moved the oral questions.

Manuel Lobo Antunes (President-in-Office of the Council) and Franco
Frattini (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the questions.

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Manfred Weber, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Jan
Marinus Wiersma, on behalf of the PSE Group, Graham Watson, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, Konrad Szyma?ski, on behalf of the UEN Group, Cem zdemir,
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Tobias Pflger, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, Johannes Blokland, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Andreas Mlzer,
on behalf of the ITS Group, Jim Allister, Non-attached Member, Jaime Mayor
Oreja, Brbara Dhrkop Dhrkop, Sarah Ludford, Mario Borghezio, Kyriacos
Triantaphyllides, Koenraad Dillen, Timothy Kirkhope, Claudio Fava, Sophia
in 't Veld, Paul Marie Coteaux and Ryszard Czarnecki.

                       IN THE CHAIR: Luisa MORGANTINI
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Miguel Portas, Viorica-Pompilia-Georgeta Moisuc,
Antonio Tajani, Michael Cashman, Ignasi Guardans Camb, Miros?aw Mariusz
Piotrowski, Mihael Brejc, Dan Mihalache, Anneli Jtteenmki, Jan Tadeusz
Masiel, Barbara Kudrycka, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Marian-Jean Marinescu,
Genowefa Grabowska, Bogdan Klich, Ana Maria Gomes, Hubert Pirker, Libor
Rou?ek, Herbert Reul, Proinsias De Rossa, Charlotte Cederschild, Giulietto
Chiesa, Maria da Assuno Esteves, Ioannis Varvitsiotis, Jzef Pinior,
Geoffrey Van Orden, Marianne Mikko, Jana Hyb?kov, Paulo Casaca, Manuel
Lobo Antunes and Franco Frattini.

As the motions for a resolution tabled were not yet available, they would
be announced in the House at a later time.

The debate closed.

Vote: 11.10.2007.
                        IN THE CHAIR: Luigi COCILOVO
                               Vice-President

The following spoke:Sophia in 't Veld regretted that the Council and the
Commission had not replied to her questions on the High-level contact group
on data protection (E-5454/2006) and on the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act  (FISA) (E-4176/2007), and requested that they reply in
writing.


