13. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0138/2007).

Question 1 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Global approach to immigration.
Manuel Lobo Antunes (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the
question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina Ortega, Hubert Pirker and
Paul Rbig.


Question 2 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Updating of labour legislation
in respect of gender equality.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou and Danut? Budreikait?.


Question 3 (Chris Davies): Palestine.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Chris
Davies and David Martin.

Question 4 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 5 (David Martin): Aid for trade.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by David
Martin.


Question 6 (Esko Seppnen): Northern dimension policy.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Esko
Seppnen.


Question 7 (Bernd Posselt): Frontex.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd
Posselt.


Question 8 (Sarah Ludford): Improvement of police cooperation.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Sarah
Ludford.


Question 9 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Ecumenical nature of the Patriarchate
of Constantinople.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Dimitrios
Papadimoulis and Bernd Posselt.

Question 10 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 11 (Mairead McGuinness): Outcome of the EU-Brazil summit.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Mairead
McGuinness and Jim Allister.


Question 12 (Marianne Mikko): EU assistance to Estonia regarding agreements
on fisheries with Russia on Lake Peipsi.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Marianne
Mikko.


Question 13 (Brian Crowley): EU-Bosnia relations.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Brian
Crowley.


Questions14 to 16 were withdrawn by their authors.

Question 17 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 18 (Lidia Joanna Geringer de Oedenberg): The European Court of
Auditors.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Lidia
Joanna Geringer de Oedenberg.


Questions 19 and 20 lapsed as their authors were absent.

Question 21 (Marian Harkin): Demarcation between Schengen and non-Schengen
Member States.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Marian
Harkin.


Question 22 (Proinsias De Rossa): Establishment of EU-Israel Subcommittee
on Human Rights.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Proinsias
De Rossa.


Question 23 (Johan Van Hecke): Situation in Zimbabwe.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Johan Van
Hecke.


Question 24 (Danut? Budreikait?): North European Gas Pipeline.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Danut?
Budreikait?.


Question 25 (Luisa Morgantini): Mordechai Vanunu sentenced to six months in
prison.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question.


Question 26 (Richard Howitt): Progress on the Temporary Agency Workers
Directive.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Richard
Howitt.



Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).



Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.00 and resumed at 21.00.)

                        IN THE CHAIR: Mechtild ROTHE
                               Vice-President


