4. White Paper on Sport (debate)

Report: on the White Paper on Sport [2007/2261(INI)] - Committee on Culture
and Education. Rapporteur: Manolis Mavrommatis (A6-0149/2008)

Manolis Mavrommatis introduced the report.

                          IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Emine Bozkurt (draftsman of the opinion of the EMPL
Committee), Toine Manders, Gerardo Galeote (draftsman of the opinion of the
REGI Committee), Neena Gill (draftsman of the opinion of the JURI
Committee), Esther De Lange (draftsman of the opinion of the LIBE
Committee), Pl Schmitt, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Hannu Takkula, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, Zdzis?aw Zbigniew Podka?ski, on behalf of the UEN
Group, Jean-Luc Bennahmias, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, V?ra
Flasarov, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Thomas Wise, on behalf of the
IND/DEM Group, Slavi Binev, Non-attached Member, Ivo Belet, Emine Bozkurt,
Ramona Nicole M?nescu, Sebastiano (Nello) Musumeci, Doris Pack, Christa
Prets, Sharon Bowles, Ryszard Czarnecki, Tadeusz Zwiefka, Richard Corbett,
Gra?yna Staniszewska, Christopher Heaton-Harris, who also declared a
financial interest, Donato Tommaso Veraldi and Christofer Fjellner.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Mihaela Popa,
Costas Botopoulos, Toomas Savi and Antonio De Blasio.

The following spoke: Vladimr ?pidla, Manolis Mavrommatis and Martin
Schulz, who complained about the hubbub in the Chamber at the end of the
debate and, on behalf of the PSE Group, asked the Bureau to ensure that the
five-minute interruption after the vote is respected.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 08.05.2008, item 5.12.
                         IN THE CHAIR: Martine ROURE
                               Vice-President

                                      
                                      

The President welcomed the ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon by the
Lithuanian Parliament.

                                      
                                      

The following spoke: Jens-Peter Bonde, on the occasion of his last
participation at voting time.


