1. change the title of Item 48 on the agenda to: 'Council and Commission
statements on the informal summit in Lahti and EU-Russia relations
following the murder of journalist Anna Politkovskaya'
2. wind up the debate with motions for resolution
The following spoke: Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group, who asked
that the House be able to vote on the two parts of the request separately.
Parliament agreed to the first part of the request.
The following spoke: Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
Reinhard Rack, Hans-Gert Poettering, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, who
proposed that the vote on the motions for resolution be taken during the
following part-session, Tunne Kelam and Jacek Emil Saryusz-Wolski, who
requested that the House vote on the second part of the request (the
President replied that he had not noticed any objections from the House to
Hans-Gert Poettering's request).

The agenda was thus established.

12. Future action in the field of patents (motions for resolutions tabled)

The debate had been held on 28.09.2006 (Minutes of 28.09.2006, Item 13).

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled pursuant to Rule
103(2):

- Maria Berger, Michel Rocard, on behalf of the PSE Group, Eva
Lichtenberger, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Daniel Stro?, Umberto
Guidoni, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, and Francesco Enrico Speroni, on
the future of European patent policy (B6-0521/2006)
- Klaus-Heiner Lehne, Giuseppe Gargani, Nicole Fontaine, on behalf of the
PPE-DE Group, Maria Berger, Michel Rocard, on behalf of the PSE Group,
Sharon Bowles and Toine Manders, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on future
patent policy in Europe (B6-0522/2006)
- Thomas Wise, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, on future European patent
policy (B6-0523/2006)
- Brian Crowley, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the future of EU patent
policy (B6-0524/2006)

Vote: Minutes of 12.10.2006, Item 7.24.

13. Nuclear test by the Democratic People's Republic of North Korea
(debate)

Statements by the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security
Policy and the Commission: Nuclear test by the Democratic People's Republic
of North Korea

Javier Solana (High Representative) and Benita Ferrero-Waldner (Member of
the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, on behalf of
the PPE-DE Group, Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, Istvn Szent-
Ivnyi, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Grard Onesta, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Tobias Pflger, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, ?irts
Valdis Kristovskis, on behalf of the UEN Group, Bastiaan Belder, on behalf
of the IND/DEM Group, Jan Tadeusz Masiel, Non-attached Member, Elmar Brok,
Pasqualina Napoletano, Rebecca Harms, James Hugh Allister, Hubert Pirker,
Marios Matsakis, to make a point of order (the President cut him off, as
his remarks did not constitute a point of order), Benita Ferrero-Waldner,
Javier Solana, Tobias Pflger, who made a personal statement in response to
remarks made by Elmar Brok, and Elmar Brok, on Tobias Pflger's remarks.

The debate closed.


14. Informal summit in Lahti and EU-Russia relations following the murder
of journalist Anna Politkovskaya (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Informal summit in Lahti and EU-Russia
relations following the murder of journalist Anna Politkovskaya

Paula Lehtomki (President-in-Office of the Council) and Jos Manuel
Barroso (President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Franoise Grossette, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group.

                     IN THE CHAIR: Dagmar ROTH-BEHRENDT
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, Graham
Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Esko Seppnen, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Brian
Crowley, on behalf of the UEN Group, Jens-Peter Bonde, on behalf of the
IND/DEM Group, Koenraad Dillen, Non-attached Member, Tunne Kelam, Hannes
Swoboda, Hlne Flautre, Miros?aw Mariusz Piotrowski, Eija-Riitta Korhola,
Reino Paasilinna, Satu Hassi, Nils Lundgren, Struan Stevenson, Martine
Roure, Nigel Farage, Bogdan Klich and Edite Estrela.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Miroslav OUZK
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Gunnar Hkmark, Jzef Pinior, Othmar Karas, Malcolm
Harbour, Jerzy Buzek, Andreas Schwab, Vytautas Landsbergis, Bogus?aw Sonik,
Simon Busuttil, Alexander Stubb, Paula Lehtomki and Jos Manuel Barroso.

The debate closed.


15. Use of passenger data (PNR) (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Use of passenger data (PNR)

Paula Lehtomki (President-in-Office of the Council) and Franco Frattini
(Vice-President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Ewa Klamt, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, and Martine
Roure, on behalf of the PSE Group.

                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Sophia in 't Veld, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
Johannes Voggenhuber, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Sylvia-Yvonne
Kaufmann, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Brian Crowley, on behalf of the
UEN Group, Ioannis Varvitsiotis, Stavros Lambrinidis, Jean-Marie Cavada,
Giusto Catania, Michael Cashman, Alexander Alvaro, Sarah Ludford and Franco
Frattini.

The debate closed.


