1. change the title of Item 48 on the agenda to: 'Council and Commission
statements on the informal summit in Lahti and EU-Russia relations
following the murder of journalist Anna Politkovskaya'
2. wind up the debate with motions for resolution
The following spoke: Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group, who asked
that the House be able to vote on the two parts of the request separately.
Parliament agreed to the first part of the request.
The following spoke: Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
Reinhard Rack, Hans-Gert Poettering, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, who
proposed that the vote on the motions for resolution be taken during the
following part-session, Tunne Kelam and Jacek Emil Saryusz-Wolski, who
requested that the House vote on the second part of the request (the
President replied that he had not noticed any objections from the House to
Hans-Gert Poettering's request).

The agenda was thus established.

12. Future action in the field of patents (motions for resolutions tabled)

The debate had been held on 28.09.2006 (Minutes of 28.09.2006, Item 13).

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled pursuant to Rule
103(2):

- Maria Berger, Michel Rocard, on behalf of the PSE Group, Eva
Lichtenberger, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Daniel Stro?, Umberto
Guidoni, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, and Francesco Enrico Speroni, on
the future of European patent policy (B6-0521/2006)
- Klaus-Heiner Lehne, Giuseppe Gargani, Nicole Fontaine, on behalf of the
PPE-DE Group, Maria Berger, Michel Rocard, on behalf of the PSE Group,
Sharon Bowles and Toine Manders, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on future
patent policy in Europe (B6-0522/2006)
- Thomas Wise, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, on future European patent
policy (B6-0523/2006)
- Brian Crowley, on behalf of the UEN Group, on the future of EU patent
policy (B6-0524/2006)

Vote: Minutes of 12.10.2006, Item 7.24.

13. Nuclear test by the Democratic People's Republic of North Korea
(debate)

Statements by the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security
Policy and the Commission: Nuclear test by the Democratic People's Republic
of North Korea

Javier Solana (High Representative) and Benita Ferrero-Waldner (Member of
the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, on behalf of
the PPE-DE Group, Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, Istvn Szent-
Ivnyi, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Grard Onesta, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Tobias Pflger, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, ?irts
Valdis Kristovskis, on behalf of the UEN Group, Bastiaan Belder, on behalf
of the IND/DEM Group, Jan Tadeusz Masiel, Non-attached Member, Elmar Brok,
Pasqualina Napoletano, Rebecca Harms, James Hugh Allister, Hubert Pirker,
Marios Matsakis, to make a point of order (the President cut him off, as
his remarks did not constitute a point of order), Benita Ferrero-Waldner,
Javier Solana, Tobias Pflger, who made a personal statement in response to
remarks made by Elmar Brok, and Elmar Brok, on Tobias Pflger's remarks.

The debate closed.


14. Informal summit in Lahti and EU-Russia relations following the murder
of journalist Anna Politkovskaya (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Informal summit in Lahti and EU-Russia
relations following the murder of journalist Anna Politkovskaya

Paula Lehtomki (President-in-Office of the Council) and Jos Manuel
Barroso (President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Franoise Grossette, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group.

                     IN THE CHAIR: Dagmar ROTH-BEHRENDT
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Martin Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, Graham
Watson, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Esko Seppnen, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Brian
Crowley, on behalf of the UEN Group, Jens-Peter Bonde, on behalf of the
IND/DEM Group, Koenraad Dillen, Non-attached Member, Tunne Kelam, Hannes
Swoboda, Hlne Flautre, Miros?aw Mariusz Piotrowski, Eija-Riitta Korhola,
Reino Paasilinna, Satu Hassi, Nils Lundgren, Struan Stevenson, Martine
Roure, Nigel Farage, Bogdan Klich and Edite Estrela.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Miroslav OUZK
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Gunnar Hkmark, Jzef Pinior, Othmar Karas, Malcolm
Harbour, Jerzy Buzek, Andreas Schwab, Vytautas Landsbergis, Bogus?aw Sonik,
Simon Busuttil, Alexander Stubb, Paula Lehtomki and Jos Manuel Barroso.

The debate closed.


15. Use of passenger data (PNR) (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Use of passenger data (PNR)

Paula Lehtomki (President-in-Office of the Council) and Franco Frattini
(Vice-President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Ewa Klamt, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, and Martine
Roure, on behalf of the PSE Group.

                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Sophia in 't Veld, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
Johannes Voggenhuber, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Sylvia-Yvonne
Kaufmann, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Brian Crowley, on behalf of the
UEN Group, Ioannis Varvitsiotis, Stavros Lambrinidis, Jean-Marie Cavada,
Giusto Catania, Michael Cashman, Alexander Alvaro, Sarah Ludford and Franco
Frattini.

The debate closed.


16. Footwear from China and Vietnam (debate)

Oral question (O-0096/2006) by Enrique Barn Crespo, on behalf of the INTA
Committee, to the Commission: The definitive results of the anti-dumping
investigation concerning footwear from China and Vietnam (B6-0432/2006)

Olli Rehn (Member of the Commission) answered the question.

Enrique Barn Crespo moved the oral question and expressed his
disappointment that both the Council and the Commissioner responsible for
the matter in question were absent.

The following spoke: Georgios Papastamkos, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
David Martin, on behalf of the PSE Group, Sajjad Karim, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Margrete Auken, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Pedro
Guerreiro, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Zbigniew Krzysztof Ku?miuk, on
behalf of the UEN Group, Jana Bobo?kov, Non-attached Member, Jos Albino
Silva Peneda, Kader Arif, Danut? Budreikait?, Leopold Jzef Rutowicz,
Christofer Fjellner, Francisco Assis, Anne E. Jensen, Luca Romagnoli,
Zuzana Roithov, Giulietto Chiesa, Antonio Lpez-Istriz White, Panagiotis
Beglitis, Bla Glattfelder, Margrietus van den Berg, Syed Kamall, Olli Rehn
and Enrique Barn Crespo, who requested that the Presidency and the
Conference of Presidents look into the matter of attendance by the Council
and Commission at debates in the House (the President noted his remarks).

The debate closed.


17. European Agency for Reconstruction *  (debate)

Report on the proposal for a Council regulation amending Regulation (EC) No
2667/2000 on the European Agency for Reconstruction [COM(2006)0162 - C6-
0170/2006 - 2006/0057(CNS)] - Committee on Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur:
Jelko Kacin (A6-0285/2006).

Olli Rehn (Member of the Commission) spoke.
Jelko Kacin introduced the report.
The following spoke: Paulo Casaca (draftsman of the opinion of the CONT
Committee), Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group, Erik Meijer, on
behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Panagiotis Beglitis, Jzef Pinior, Justas
Vincas Paleckis and Olli Rehn.

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 12.10.2006, Item 7.21.
         (The sitting was suspended at 20.50 and resumed at 21.05.)

                    IN THE CHAIR: Josep BORRELL FONTELLES
                                  President


18. One-minute speeches on matters of political importance

Pursuant to Rule 144, the following Members who wished to draw the
attention of Parliament to matters of political importance spoke for one
minute:

Czes?aw Adam Siekierski, Mario Borghezio, Katalin Lvai, Marco Pannella,
Kartika Tamara Liotard, Kinga Gl, Antonio De Blasio, Gyula Hegyi, Marios
Matsakis, Bogus?aw Rogalski, Marie Anne Isler Bguin, Carlo Fatuzzo, Toomas
Savi, Leopold Jzef Rutowicz, Danut? Budreikait?, Laima Liucija Andrikien?,
Lidia Joanna Geringer de Oedenberg, Andrzej Tomasz Zapa?owski, Old?ich
Vlask, Marco Cappato, Nils Lundgren, rpd Duka-Zlyomi, Marian Harkin,
Pedro Guerreiro, Milan Ga?a, Gerard Batten and Witold Tomczak.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Luigi COCILOVO
                               Vice-President


19. The protection and welfare of animals 2006-2010 (debate)

Report on a Community Action Plan on the Protection and Welfare of Animals
2006-2010 [2006/2046(INI)] - Committee on Agriculture and Rural
Development. Rapporteur: Elisabeth Jeggle (A6-0290/2006)

Elisabeth Jeggle introduced the report.

Neelie Kroes (Member of the Commission) spoke.

The following spoke: Jens HolmHolm (draftsman of the opinion of the ENVI
Committee), Agnes Schierhuber, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Marc
Tarabella, on behalf of the PSE Group, Karin Resetarits, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Friedrich-Wilhelm Graefe zu Baringdorf, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Kartika Tamara Liotard, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
Janusz Wojciechowski, on behalf of the UEN Group, Andrzej Tomasz
Zapa?owski, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Andreas Mlzer, Non-attached
Member, Pilar Ayuso, Rosa Migulez Ramos, Mojca Dr?ar Murko, David
Hammerstein Mintz, Jeffrey Titford, Albert Jan Maat, Wies?aw Stefan Kuc and
Carl Schlyter.

                          IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Neil Parish, Ioannis Gklavakis, Esther Herranz Garca,
Christa Kla and Neelie Kroes.

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 12.10.2006, Item 7.25.

