7. Amendment of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union *
(debate)

Report on the draft European Council decision amending Article 136 of the
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union with regard to a stability
mechanism for Member States whose currency is the euro [0033/2010 - C7-
0014/2011- 2010/0821(NLE)] - Committee on Constitutional Affairs. Co-
rapporteurs: Elmar Brok and Roberto Gualtieri (A7-0052/2011)

Elmar Brok and Roberto Gualtieri introduced their report.

The following spoke: Maro? ?ef?ovi? (Vice-President of the Commission).

The following spoke: Jean-Paul Gauzs (rapporteur for the opinion of the
ECON Committee), Edward Scicluna (rapporteur for the opinion of the ECON
Committee), Paulo Rangel, on behalf of the PPE Group, Enrique Guerrero
Salom, on behalf of the S&D Group, Andrew Duff, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, who also replied to a blue-card question from William (The Earl of)
Dartmouth, Gerald Hfner, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Ashley Fox, on
behalf of the ECR Group, Lothar Bisky, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
Godfrey Bloom, on behalf of the EFD Group, who also replied to a blue-card
question from Andrew Duff, Andrew Henry William Brons, Non-attached Member,
Carlo Casini, Proinsias De Rossa, Sharon Bowles, Vicky Ford, Sren Bo
Sndergaard, Morten Messerschmidt, Francisco Sosa Wagner, Werner Langen,
Monika Fla?kov Be?ov, Ryszard Czarnecki, Gunnar Hkmark, Vital Moreira,
Rafa? Trzaskowski, Jo Leinen, Frank Engel and Sergio Gaetano Cofferati.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: igo Mndez de
Vigo, Danuta Jaz?owiecka, Zita Gurmai, Pervenche Bers, Sven Giegold and
Jaroslav Pa?ka.

The following spoke: Maro? ?ef?ovi? and Roberto Gualtieri.

The debate closed.

Vote: next part-session.

                      IN THE CHAIR: Stavros LAMBRINIDIS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Robert Atkins, on the time the voting started, Derek
Roland Clark, on the vote on the 2012 and 2013 calendars, and Edward
McMillan-Scott, on behalf of the ALDE Group, to ask that the vote on the
2012 and 2013 calendars be held before the formal sitting scheduled for
midday.

Parliament agreed to the request.


