15. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0211/2010).

Question 17 (Zbigniew Ziobro): Communication providing for a higher target
for greenhouse gas emission cuts.
Connie Hedegaard (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Zbigniew Ziobro, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u and Chris Davies.

Question18 (Lidia Joanna Geringer de Oedenberg): Action by the Commission
on copyright.
Michel Barnier (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Lidia Joanna Geringer de Oedenberg and Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Question 19 (Alan Kelly): The EU's state aid map.
Cecilia Malmstrm (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Alan Kelly.

Question 20 (Bernd Posselt): EU-Ukraine police cooperation.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd
Posselt.

Question 21 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Spiralling crime rates in Europe.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Gay Mitchell
and Georgios Papanikolaou.

Question 22 (Pavel Poc): A common EU visa policy.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Pavel Poc.

Question 23 (Nikolaos Chountis): Unresolved issues in the Turkey-EU Joint
Statement of 5 November 2009.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Nikolaos
Chountis and Georgios Papanikolaou.

Question 24 (Sarah Ludford): EU counter-terrorism policies and CIA
rendition.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Sarah
Ludford and Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke.

The following spoke: Mairead McGuinness on the conduct of question time.

Question 25 (Marian Harkin): Entrepreneurs and SMEs.
Question 26 (Jim Higgins): SMEs.
Question 27 (Gay Mitchell): SMEs and job creation.
Question 28 (Liam Aylward): European SME Week.
Question 29 (Brian Crowley): Measures to reduce administrative costs for
SMEs.

Antonio Tajani (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the questions
and supplementaries by Marian Harkin, Jim Higgins, Gay Mitchell and Liam
Aylward.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.30 and resumed at 21.00.)

                   IN THE CHAIR: Rodi KRATSA-TSAGAROPOULOU
                               Vice-President


