16. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0407/2011).

Question 6 (Mairead McGuinness): Quality food schemes.
Lszl Andor (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Jim Higgins (deputising for the author), Barbara Matera
and Marian Harkin.
Question 7 (Jim Higgins): Youth unemployment.
Lszl Andor answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins,
Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.

Question 8 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Migration and the Schengen Area.
Cecilia Malmstrm (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papanikolaou and Giovanni La Via.

Question 9 (Bernd Posselt): Visa scheme for Kosovo.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd
Posselt.

Question 10 (Gay Mitchell): Countering the use of the internet by
criminals.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Gay Mitchell
and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.

Question 11 (Sarah Ludford): Schengen evaluations and the possible
suspension mechanism.
Question 12 (Maria Eleni Koppa): Implementation of the Schengen Agreement.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the questions and supplementaries by Sarah
Ludford, Maria Eleni Koppa and Georgios Papanikolaou.

Question 13 (Frdric Daerden): Future of the European Globalisation
Adjustment Fund (EGF).
Lszl Andor answered the question and supplementaries by Pervenche Bers
(deputising for the author), Nikolaos Chountis and Marian Harkin.

The following spoke: Liam Aylward on the conduct of question time.

Question 14 (Nikolaos Chountis): Collective labour agreements.
Lszl Andor answered the question and a supplementary by Nikolaos
Chountis.


Question 15 (Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?): Review of Regulation (EEC) No 1612/68
on freedom of movement for workers within the Community.
Lszl Andor answered the question and a supplementary by Vilija
Blinkevi?i?t?.


Question 19 (Hans-Peter Martin): Reallocation of financial resources in the
regional and cohesion funds.
Johannes Hahn (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Hans-Peter Martin.


Question 20 (Anne E. Jensen): Fulfilment of the objectives of structural
funds payments.
Johannes Hahn answered the question and a supplementary by Anne E. Jensen.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.


