16. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0009/2009).

Part one
Question 31 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Measures for the promotion of products
and services that help increase energy efficiency and promote renewable
energies.
Viviane Reding (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u and Reinhard Rack.

Question 32 (Giorgos Dimitrakopoulos): More flexible interpretation of the
Stability and Growth Pact.
Viviane Reding answered the question and supplementaries by Giorgos
Dimitrakopoulos, Jrg Leichtfried and Avril Doyle.

Question 33 (Pedro Guerreiro): Abolition of tax havens.
Viviane Reding answered the question and supplementaries by Pedro Guerreiro
and Robert Evans.

Part two
Question 34 (Claude Moraes): The Internet and hate crimes.
Viviane Reding answered the question and supplementaries by Claude Moraes
and Jim Allister.

Question 35 (Eoin Ryan): ICT and Information Society.
Viviane Reding answered the question and supplementaries by Eoin Ryan,
Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u and Reinhard Rack.

Question 36 (Gay Mitchell): Internet monitoring.
Viviane Reding answered the question and a supplementary by Gay Mitchell.

Questions 37 to 40 would receive written answers.

Question 41 (Bernd Posselt): Serbia's candidate status.
Leonard Orban (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Bernd Posselt.

Question 42 (Sarah Ludford): Serbian accession.
Leonard Orban answered the question and supplementaries by Sarah Ludford
and Bernd Posselt.

Questions 43 to 44 would receive written answers.

Question 45 (Yiannakis Matsis): Turkish-funded usurpation of Greek Cypriot
properties in the occupied territory of Cyprus.
Leonard Orban answered the question and a supplementary by Yiannakis
Matsis.

Question 46 (Vural ger): Opening of the 'energy' chapter in the accession
negotiations with Turkey.
Leonard Orban answered the question and a supplementary by Vural ger.

Questions 47 and 48 would receive written answers.

Question 49 (Marian Harkin): Market support.
Question 51 (Sen  Neachtain): Dairy sector in the EU.
Mariann Fischer Boel (membre de la Commission) answered the questions and
supplementaries by Marian Harkin, Sen  Neachtain, Jim Allister et Jim
Higgins.


Question 50 (Liam Aylward): Labelling for sheepmeat products.
Mariann Fischer Boel answered the question and a supplementary by Liam
Aylward.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.05 and resumed at 21.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Diana WALLIS
                               Vice-President


