15.00.

Wednesday
Request by the PPE Group to take the debates on the 2009 progress reports
on Croatia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Turkey (items 40,
35 and 31 on the final draft agenda), as a joint debate.

The following spoke: Ioannis Kasoulides, on behalf of the PPE Group, who
moved the request.

Parliament agreed to the request.

Request by the EFD Group to add to the agenda an oral question to the
Commission on foreign property owners in Spain (O-0009/2010).

The following spoke: Marta Andreasen, on behalf of the EFD Group, who moved
the request, Gerard Batten, in favour of the request, and Guy Verhofstadt,
against the request.

By roll-call cote (69 in favour, 216 against, 22 abstentions), Parliament
rejected the request.

The following spoke: Gerard Batten.

Thursday
Request by the GUE/NGL Group to replace the debate on Madagascar with a
debate on the death penalty, particularly the case of Mumia Abu Jamal.

The following spoke: Sabine Lsing, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, and
Vronique De Keyser, on behalf of the S&D Group.

Parliament rejected the request.
The order of business was thus established.


13. One-minute speeches on matters of political importance

In accordance with Rule 150, the following Members who wished to draw the
attention of Parliament to matters of political importance spoke for one
minute:

Elena Oana Antonescu, Jaros?aw Kalinowski, dm Ksa, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi,
George Sabin Cuta?, Anni Podimata, Carl Haglund, Chris Davies, Marek Jzef
Grbarczyk, Malika Benarab-Attou, Bairbre de Brn, Paul Nuttall, Andreas
Mlzer, Krzysztof Lisek, Gabriel Mato Adrover, Paulo Rangel, Vronique De
Keyser, Rosario Crocetta, Jelko Kacin, Michail Tremopoulos, Zbigniew
Ziobro, Joe Higgins, Nikolaos Salavrakos, Louis Bontes, Nuno Teixeira,
Romana Jordan Cizelj, Anna Zborsk, Daciana Octavia Srbu, Derek Vaughan,
Giommaria Uggias, Marek Henryk Migalski, Joo Ferreira, Godfrey Bloom,
Krisztina Morvai, Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou, Agustn Daz de Mera Garca
Consuegra, Marc Tarabella and Sonia Alfano.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Libor ROU?EK
                               Vice-President


