14. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0484/2008).

Part one
Question 33 (Stavros Arnaoutakis): Information for citizens on EU measures
to protect them from the international financial crisis.
Margot Wallstrm (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and supplementaries by Stavros Arnaoutakis, Reinhard Rack and Danut?
Budreikait?.

Question 34 (Bogus?aw Sonik): Disparities in driver blood-alcohol limits in
EU Member States.
Antonio Tajani (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Bogus?aw Sonik, Jrg Leichtfried and Colm Burke.

Question 35 (Katerina Batzeli): Interinstitutional agreement on
'Communicating Europe in Partnership'.
Margot Wallstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Katerina
Batzeli, Reinhard Rack and Marian Harkin.

Part two
Question 36 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Information for Europeans
concerning participation in European elections.
Margot Wallstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Josu Ortuondo Larrea and Gay Mitchell.

The following spoke: Josu Ortuondo Larrea.

Question 37 (Georgios Papastamkos): Commission's communications strategy
for the Irish referendum.
Margot Wallstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Georgios
Papastamkos, Armando Frana and Mairead McGuinness.

Questions 38 to 41 would receive written answers.

Question 49 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Intra-African migration.
Margot Wallstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Manuel Medina
Ortega.

The following spoke: Colm Burke, on the organisation of Question Time.

Question 50 (Luis Yaez-Barnuevo Garca): Opening of dialogue in Cuba.
Margot Wallstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Antonio Masip
Hidalgo (deputising for the author).

Questions 51 to 58 would receive written answers.

Question 43 (Emmanouil Angelakas): Europe - a more attractive place for
researchers.
Janez Poto?nik (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Emmanouil Angelakas, Paul Rbig and Gay Mitchell.

The following spoke: Bernd Posselt.

Question 44 (Sen  Neachtain): Funding for green technology.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and a supplementary by Sen 
Neachtain.

The following spoke: Avril Doyle.

Question 42 (Bernd Posselt): Cloning.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd Posselt.

Question 45 (Avril Doyle): European Research Council.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and a supplementary by Avril Doyle.

Question 46 (Gay Mitchell): Ethical review of funding for research under
FP7.
Janez Poto?nik answered the question and supplementaries by Gay Mitchell
and Marco Cappato.

The following spoke: Gay Mitchell and Colm Burke, on the organisation of
Question Time.

Questions 47, 48, 60 to 65, 67 to 80, and 82 to 84 would receive written
replies (See Annex to the Verbatim Report of the Sitting).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.50 and resumed at 21.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Martine ROURE
                               Vice-President


