16. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0563/2010).

Question 17 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Young people in precarious employment.
Lszl Andor (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papanikolaou, Franz Obermayr and Vilija
Blinkevi?i?t?.

Question 18 (Justas Vincas Paleckis): Enhancing competitiveness through
alternative energies.
Gnther Oettinger (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Justas Vincas Paleckis, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u and Sen
Kelly.

Question 19 (Kinga Gncz): Structural Funds and disability.
Lszl Andor answered the question and supplementaries by Kinga Gncz and
Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?.

Question 20 (Gay Mitchell): Anglo Irish Bank.
Joaqun Almunia (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and supplementaries by Gay Mitchell, Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke and Brian
Crowley.

Question 21 (Georgios Papastamkos): Creating a common European conscience.
Androulla Vassiliou (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papastamkos and Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke.

Question 22 (Iva Zanicchi): Structured dialogue between the EU and sporting
federations on matters of shared interest and possible specific measures.
Androulla Vassiliou answered the question and supplementaries by Iva
Zanicchi and Salvatore Iacolino.

Question 27 (Konstantinos Poupakis): Tax burden in Greece.
Algirdas ?emeta (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Konstantinos Poupakis and Nikolaos Chountis.

Question 28 (Jim Higgins): Fraud and Customs Losses due to Cigarrette
Smuggling.
Algirdas ?emeta answered the question and a supplementary by Jim Higgins.

Question 29 (Marian Harkin): Common consolidated corporate tax base.
Question 30 (Sen Kelly): Ireland's corporation tax rate.
Question 31 (Pat the Cope Gallagher): Common Consolidated Corporate Tax
Base (CCCTB).
Algirdas ?emeta answered the questions and a supplementary by Marian Harkin
and Pat the Cope Gallagher.



Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.35 and resumed at 21.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Diana WALLIS
                               Vice-President


