14. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0475/2008).

Question 1 (Claude Moraes): Progress on the 'Blue Card'.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the
question and supplementaries by Claude Moraes and Reinhard Rack.


Question 2 (Liam Aylward): Effects of hazard-based approach on food prices
and pest resistance.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Liam
Aylward, Jim Allister and Mairead McGuinness.


Question 3 (Sen  Neachtain): Accessing funding under EU Research
Technology and Development Programmes.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Sen 
Neachtain, Teresa Riera Madurell and Avril Doyle.


Question 4 (Brian Crowley): Emergency relief following natural disasters.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Brian
Crowley, Reinhard Rack and Jim Allister.


Question 5 (Eoin Ryan): Food security in an unequal partnership.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Eoin Ryan,
Avril Doyle and Manuel Medina Ortega.

Question 6 was not taken as its subject matter had been dealt with by a
question to the Council during the September II part-session (minutes of
23.09.2008, item 13).


Question 7 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Air safety.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel
Medina Ortega, Robert Evans and Avril Doyle.


Question 8 (Robert Evans): Electronic passports.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Robert
Evans.


Question 9 (Marian Harkin): Volunteering.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Marian
Harkin, Zita Ple?tinsk and Paul Rbig.


Question 10 (Avril Doyle): EU policy on GM products.
Question 11 (Mairead McGuinness): Discussions on the strategic aspects of
GMOs.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the questions and supplementaries by Avril
Doyle and Mairead McGuinness.


Question 12 (Jim Higgins): Situation in Zimbabwe.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins
and Colm Burke.


Questions 13-17, 19-23, 25-28 and 30-39 would be answered in writing (see
Annex to the Verbatim Report of the Sitting).

Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.00 and resumed at 21.00.)

                       IN THE CHAIR: Luisa MORGANTINI
                               Vice-President


