18. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0303/2011).

The following spoke: Gay Mitchell on the conduct of question time.

Question 16 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Provision in the new draft budget for
combating youth unemployment.
Lszl Andor (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papanikolaou, Gay Mitchell and Nikolaos
Chountis.

Question 17 (Sen Kelly): The CAP and the multi-annual financial framework
beyond 2013.
Question 18 (Brian Crowley): The funding of the CAP post 2013.
Dacian Ciolo? (Member of the Commission) answered the questions and
supplementaries by Sen Kelly, Liam Aylward, Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke and
Rare?-Lucian Niculescu.

Question 19 (Spyros Danellis): Innovation and measures to combat climate
change.
Dacian Ciolo? answered the question and a supplementary by Spyros Danellis.

Question 20 (Nikolaos Chountis): Need for changes to the EU budget.
Janusz Lewandowski (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Nikolaos Chountis.

Question 21 (Marian Harkin): European voluntary humanitarian aid corps.
Kristalina Georgieva (Member of the Commission) answered the question.

Question 22 (Bernd Posselt): Humanitarian aid for Libya.
Question 25 (Sarah Ludford): Civilian and military disaster response.
Kristalina Georgieva answered the questions and supplementaries by Bernd
Posselt and Sarah Ludford.

Question 23 lapsed as its author was absent.

Question 24 (Pat the Cope Gallagher): Canned fish products as part of food
aid.
Kristalina Georgieva answered the question and a supplementary by Pat the
Cope Gallagher.

The following spoke: Sarah Ludford to put a supplementary question on
question 25 to Kristalina Georgieva, who replied.

Question 26 (Jim Higgins): Climate change and the role of farmers.
Connie Hedegaard (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Jim Higgins.

Question 27 (Justas Vincas Paleckis): Gender equality in the fight against
climate change.
Connie Hedegaard answered the question and a supplementary by Justas Vincas
Paleckis.

Question 28 (Zbigniew Ziobro): Costs of cutting CO2 in the European Union.
Connie Hedegaard answered the question and a supplementary by Zbigniew
Ziobro.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.20 and resumed at 21.00.)

                        IN THE CHAIR: Rainer WIELAND
                               Vice-President


