16. Interinstitutional agreement on a common Transparency Register -
Amendment of the Rules following the establishment of a common Transparency
Register (debate)

Report on conclusion of an interinstitutional agreement between the
European Parliament and the Commission on a common Transparency Register
[2010/2291(ACI)] - Committee on Constitutional Affairs. Rapporteur: Carlo
Casini (A7-0174/2011)

Report on the amendment of Parliament's Rules of Procedure following the
establishment by the European Parliament and the Commission of a joint
transparency register [2010/2292(REG)] - Committee on Constitutional
Affairs. Rapporteur: Carlo Casini (A7-0173/2011)

Carlo Casini introduced the reports.

The following spoke: Enik? Gy?ri (President-in-Office of the Council) and
Maro? ?ef?ovi? (Vice-President of the Commission).

The following spoke: Manfred Weber, on behalf of the PPE Group, Matthias
Groote, on behalf of the S&D Group, Andrew Duff, on behalf of the ALDE
Group who also replied to a blue-card question by Matthias Groote, Ashley
Fox, on behalf of the ECR Group, Gerald Hfner, on behalf of the Verts/ALE
Group, Sren Bo Sndergaard, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group who also
replied to a blue-card question by Hans-Peter Martin and John Stuart Agnew,
on behalf of the EFD Group.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Libor ROU?EK
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Gerald Hfner, putting a blue-card question to John
Stuart Agnew, to which the latter replied, Andreas Mlzer, Marietta
Giannakou, Enrique Guerrero Salom, Alexandra Thein, Hans-Peter Martin, Sen
Kelly, Stavros Lambrinidis, Monika Fla?kov Be?ov and Marita Ulvskog.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Miroslav
Mikol?ik, Michael Cashman, Izaskun Bilbao Barandica, Isabelle Durant,
Franz Obermayr, Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke and Lena Ek.

The following spoke: Maro? ?ef?ovi?, Enik? Gy?ri and Carlo Casini.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.14 and minutes of 11.5.2011, item 5.15.

