3. Implemented reforms and developments in the Republic of Moldova (debate)


Commission statement: Implemented reforms and developments in the Republic
of Moldova

?tefan Fle (Member of the Commission) made the statement.

The following spoke: Monica Luisa Macovei, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Adrian Severin, on behalf of the S&D Group, Graham Watson, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Tatjana ?danoka, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Charles
Tannock, on behalf of the ECR Group, Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the EFD
Group, Traian Ungureanu, Iliana Malinova Iotova, Cristian Silviu Bu?oi,
Adam Bielan, Elena B?sescu, Kristian Vigenin, Cristian Dan Preda, Marek
Siwiec and Eduard Kukan.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Laima Liucija
Andrikien?, Ioan Mircea Pa?cu, Andreas Mlzer, Andrzej Grzyb, Mario Pirillo
and Andrew Henry William Brons.

The following spoke: ?tefan Fle.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Elmar Brok, Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Monica Luisa Macovei,
Ioannis Kasoulides, Traian Ungureanu, Lena Kolarska-Bobi?ska, Vytautas
Landsbergis and Cristian Dan Preda, on behalf of the PPE Group, on
implemented reforms and developments in the Republic of Moldova (B7-
0572/2010),

- Graham Watson, Marielle De Sarnez, Leonidas Donskis, Ramon Tremosa i
Balcells and Kristiina Ojuland, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on the
situation in Moldova (B7-0573/2010),

- Ji? Ma?tlka, Rui Tavares and Willy Meyer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, on implemented reforms and developments in the Republic of Moldova
(B7-0579/2010),

- Tatjana ?danoka and Werner Schulz, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on
the situation in the Republic of Moldova (B7-0580/2010),

- Adrian Severin, on behalf of the S&D Group, on implemented reforms and
developments in the Republic of Moldova (B7-0581/2010),

- Charles Tannock, Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski, Adam Bielan, Ryszard Czarnecki,
Pawe? Robert Kowal, Ryszard Antoni Legutko, Marek Henryk Migalski, Tomasz
Piotr Por?ba and Konrad Szyma?ski, on behalf of the ECR Group, on
implemented reforms and developments in the Republic of Moldova (B7-
0582/2010).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 21.10.2010, item 7.9.

