1. Withdrawing from the agenda Oral Question O-0108/2009 to the Commission
(item 11 on the final draft agenda).

2. Placing on the agenda (with debate), after the one-minute speeches, the
report by Tanja Fajon on the proposal for a Council regulation amending
Regulation (EC) No 539/2001 listing the third countries whose nationals
must be in possession of visas when crossing the external borders and those
whose nationals are exempt from that requirement (A7-0042/2009), adopted by
the LIBE Committee.

3. Amendment of the title of the Commission statement on the political
situation in Honduras with a view to the elections on 29 November 2009
(item 14 on the final draft agenda) to 'Commission statement - Situation in
Honduras'.

The following spoke: Ioannis Kasoulides, Ulrike Lunacek and Alojz Peterle
on the amending the title of the Commission statement on Honduras.

The following spoke: Agustn Daz de Mera Garca Consuegra on the voting
procedure.

By electronic vote (109 in favour, 142 against, 1 abstention), Parliament
rejected the proposal.

4. Placing on the agenda, during Thursday's voting time, the motion for a
resolution by the EMPL Committee on the draft Commission decision regarding
the PROGRESS annual plan of work 20 (B7-0135/2009), adopted under Rule 88.

The President established that there were no objections to proposed changes
1, 2 and 4 above.

The order of business was thus established.

         (The sitting was suspended at 16.05 and resumed at 16.15.)

                          IN THE CHAIR: Jerzy BUZEK
                                  President


13. Outcome of the European Council on 29 and 30 October 2009 including the
mandate and attributions of the President of the European Council and of
the High Representative of the Union for foreign and security policy/Vice-
President of the Commission, as well as the structure of the new Commission
(debate)

European Council report and Commission statement: Outcome of the European
Council on 29 and 30 October 2009 including the mandate and attributions of
the President of the European Council and of the High Representative of the
Union for foreign and security policy/Vice-President of the Commission, as
well as the structure of the new Commission

Fredrik Reinfeldt (President-in-Office of the Council) presented the
European Council report.

Jos Manuel Barroso (President of the Commission) made the statement.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group, Hannes
Swoboda, on behalf of the S&D Group, Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Timothy Kirkhope,
on behalf of the ECR Group, Lothar Bisky, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
William (The Earl of) Dartmouth, on behalf of the EFD Group, Hans-Peter
Martin, Non-attached Member, Fredrik Reinfeldt, Jos Manuel Barroso and
igo Mndez de Vigo.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Gianni PITTELLA
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Marita Ulvskog, Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, Yannick
Jadot, Konrad Szyma?ski, Mario Borghezio and Francisco Sosa Wagner.


14. Welcome

On behalf of Parliament, the President welcomed members of a delegation
from the Senate of the Federation of Malaysia, led by Wong Foon Meng, the
President of the Senate, who had taken their seats in the distinguished
visitors' gallery.


