2. Programme of activities of the Polish presidency of the Council (debate)


Council and Commission statements: Programme of activities of the Polish
presidency of the Council

Donald Tusk (President-in-Office of the Council) and Jos Manuel Barroso
(President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group, Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group, Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Ryszard Antoni Legutko, on behalf of the ECR Group, Rebecca Harms,
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Lothar Bisky, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, Nigel Farage, on behalf of the EFD Group, who also replied to a blue-
card question by Robert Goebbels, Frank Vanhecke, Non-attached Member,
Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, Bogus?aw Liberadzki, Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, Pawe?
Robert Kowal, Jos Bov, Niki Tzavela, Nicole Sinclaire, Markus Ferber, who
also replied to a blue-card question by William (The Earl of) Dartmouth,
Marita Ulvskog, Marielle De Sarnez, Zbigniew Ziobro, who also replied to a
blue-card question by Marek Siwiec, Oriol Junqueras Vies, Barry Madlener,
who also replied to a blue-card question by Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski and who
objected to comments made off-microphone by Martin Schulz, who justified
his comments, Mario Mauro, Rovana Plumb, Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski, who also
replied to a blue-card question by Zbigniew Ziobro, Arnaud Danjean, Luis
Manuel Capoulas Santos, Paulo Rangel, Ivailo Kalfin, Jan Olbrycht, Marek
Siwiec, Danuta Maria Hbner, Leonardo Domenici, Czes?aw Adam Siekierski and
Jacek Protasiewicz, who also replied to a blue-card question by Marek
Henryk Migalski.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: dm Ksa,
Wojciech Micha? Olejniczak, Jacek Olgierd Kurski, Jaroslav Pa?ka, Angelika
Werthmann, Monika Fla?kov Be?ov and Tunne Kelam.

The following spoke: Jos Manuel Barroso and Donald Tusk.

The following spoke: Barry Madlener, making a personal statement in
response to Martin Schulz's previous speech, and Martin Schulz to explain
what he had said.

The debate closed.



                        IN THE CHAIR: Gianni PITTELLA
                               Vice-President


