15. Preparations for the Russian State Duma elections in December (debate)

Statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy: Preparations for the
Russian State Duma elections in December

Catherine Ashton (Vice President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy) made the statement.

The following spoke: Ria Oomen-Ruijten, on behalf of the PPE Group, and
Knut Fleckenstein, on behalf of the S&D Group.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Isabelle DURANT
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Marek Henryk Migalski to put a blue-card question to
Knut Fleckenstein, who replied, Kristiina Ojuland, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Jacek Olgierd Kurski, on behalf of the ECR Group, Werner Schulz, on
behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Bla Kovcs, Non-attached Member, Traian
Ungureanu, Marek Henryk Migalski, Jaroslav Pa?ka to put a blue-card
question to Traian Ungureanu, who replied, Werner Schulz to put a blue-card
question to Marek Henryk Migalski, who replied, and Zuzana Roithov.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Inese Vaidere,
Bastiaan Belder and Jaroslav Pa?ka.

The following spoke: Catherine Ashton.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Rebecca Harms, Werner Schulz, Bart Staes and Ral Romeva i Rueda, on
behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the preparations for the Russian State
Duma elections in December (B7-0396/2011);

- Elmar Brok, Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Ria Oomen-Ruijten,
Ioannis Kasoulides, Alojz Peterle, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, Cristian Dan
Preda, Michael Gahler, Vytautas Landsbergis, Krzysztof Lisek, Traian
Ungureanu, Laima Liucija Andrikien?, Lena Kolarska-Bobi?ska, Inese Vaidere,
Jacek Protasiewicz, Zuzana Roithov and Giovanni La Via, on behalf of the
PPE Group, on the preparations for the Russian State Duma elections in
December 2011 (B7-0448/2011);

- Kristiina Ojuland, Marielle De Sarnez, Leonidas Donskis, Marietje
Schaake, Graham Watson, Guy Verhofstadt, Fiona Hall, Alexander Graf
Lambsdorff and Edward McMillan-Scott, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on the
preparations for the Russian State Duma elections in December (B7-
0450/2011);

- Charles Tannock, Ryszard Czarnecki, Ryszard Antoni Legutko, Tomasz Piotr
Por?ba, Tadeusz Cyma?ski, Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski, Marek Henryk Migalski and
Janusz Wojciechowski, on behalf of the ECR Group, on the preparations for
the Russian State Duma elections in December (B7-0451/2011);

- Hannes Swoboda, Vronique De Keyser, Knut Fleckenstein, Kristian Vigenin
and Pino Arlacchi, on behalf of the S&D Group, on the preparations for the
Russian State Duma elections in December (B7-0452/2011).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 7.7.2011, item 7.4.


