17. Changes to Schengen (debate)

Commission statement: Changes to Schengen

Maro? ?ef?ovi? (Vice-President of the Commission) made the statement.

The following spoke: Carlos Coelho, on behalf of the PPE Group, Juan
Fernando Lpez Aguilar, on behalf of the S&D Group, and Weber, Renate, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, Timothy Kirkhope, on behalf of the ECR Group,
Judith Sargentini, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Marie-Christine
Vergiat, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Mario Borghezio, on behalf of the
EFD Group, Danil van der Stoep, Non-attached Member, who also replied to a
blue-card question by Judith Sargentini, Manfred Weber, Claude Moraes,
Tatjana ?danoka, Cornelia Ernst and Mara Bizzotto.

                       IN THE CHAIR: Giles CHICHESTER
                               Vice-President


The following spoke: Timothy Kirkhope to congratulate the Vice-President.

The following spoke: Agustn Daz de Mera Garca Consuegra, Monika
Fla?kov Be?ov, William (The Earl of) Dartmouth, Georgios Papanikolaou,
Kinga Gncz, Mariya Nedelcheva, Sylvie Guillaume, Anna Hedh, Ioan Enciu,
Iliana Malinova Iotova and Tanja Fajon.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Marian-Jean
Marinescu, Katarna Neve?alov, Simon Busuttil, Jaroslav Pa?ka and Angelika
Werthmann.

The following spoke: Maro? ?ef?ovi?.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Daniel Cohn-Bendit, Rebecca Harms, Judith Sargentini, Tatjana ?danoka and
Ral Romeva i Rueda, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on changes to
Schengen (B7-0392/2011);

- Carlos Coelho, Manfred Weber, Roberta Angelilli, Giovanni La Via and
Salvatore Iacolino, on behalf of the PPE Group, on changes to Schengen (B7-
0393/2011);

- Martin Schulz, Juan Fernando Lpez Aguilar, Claude Moraes, Monika
Fla?kov Be?ov and Ioan Enciu, on behalf of the S&D Group, on the changes
to Schengen (B7-0400/2011);

- Timothy Kirkhope, on behalf of the ECR Group on the changes to Schengen
(B7-0441/2011);

- Renate Weber, Sarah Ludford, Louis Michel, Leonidas Donskis, Jan Mulder,
Cecilia Wikstrm, Sonia Alfano, Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, Giommaria
Uggias, Nadja Hirsch, Sophia in 't Veld, Nathalie Griesbeck, Gianni
Vattimo, Ramon Tremosa i Balcells, Stanimir Ilchev and Antonyia Parvanova,
on behalf of the ALDE Group, on the changes to Schengen (B7-0456/2011);

- Marie-Christine Vergiat, Cornelia Ernst, Willy Meyer, Eva-Britt Svensson,
Miguel Portas, Patrick Le Hyaric, Jean-Luc Mlenchon and Marisa Matias, on
behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on changes to Schengen (B7-0457/2011).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 7.7.2011, item 7.5.


