17. Order of business

The next item was the order of business.
The final draft agenda for the June I and II sittings (PE 408.289/PDOJ) had
been distributed and a number of changes had been proposed (Rule 132):

Sittings of 16.06.2008 to 19.06.2008

Monday

- no changes

Tuesday

In order to reach agreement with the Council at first reading, the vote on
the report by Jzsef Szjer (A6-0216/2008) (item 69 on the final draft
agenda) was postponed to a later sitting.

Wednesday

Request by the IND/DEM Group to change the title of the debate on the
preparation of the European Council (item 44 on the final draft agenda) to
'Preparation of the European Council after the Irish referendum'.

The following spoke: Gerard Batten, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, who
moved the request.

Parliament agreed to the request.

The title of the Council and Commission statements was amended accordingly.

Request by the PSE Group to postpone until the afternoon the Council and
Commission statements on the measures to combat the rise in oil prices
(item 74 on the final draft agenda) and to take the item in a joint debate
with the oral questions on the crisis in the fisheries sector caused by
rising fuel oil prices (item 81 on the final draft agenda).

The following spoke: Hannes Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group, who moved
the request, Richard Corbett, Carmen Fraga Estvez, on behalf of the PPE-DE
Group, and Francis Wurtz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, who proposed that
the President consult the House first on increasing the speaking time for
the debate on the preparation of the European Council and then on the
holding of a joint debate on the measures to combat the rise in oil prices
and the crisis in the fisheries sector.

The President, acceding to this proposal, put the request on extending the
debate on the preparation of the European Council after the Irish
referendum to the vote.

Parliament agreed to the request by electronic vote (122 in favour, 93
against, 1 abstention).

The President then put to the vote the request concerning the holding of a
joint debate on the measures to combat the rise in oil prices and the
crisis in the fisheries sector caused by the rising price in fuel oil.

Parliament rejected the request by electronic vote (38 in favour, 152
against, 16 abstentions).

Thursday

- no changes

Sitting of 24.06.2008

- no changes

                                      
                                      

The order of business was thus established.


