2. Statements by the President

Referendum in Ireland on the Reform Treaty

The President made the following statement:

'The result of the referendum of 12 June 2008 in Ireland confronts the
European Union with one of the most difficult challenges in its history.
The Lisbon Reform Treaty, derived from the Constitutional Treaty, which
itself was drafted by a Convention meeting in public and comprising members
of national parliaments and the European Parliament, allows the European
Union more democracy, greater ability to act and greater transparency. It
strengthens the European Parliament, gives national parliaments more
responsibility in determining the course of European policy, allows
citizens of the European Union a power of initiative in relation to the
European Institutions, and guarantees local self-government. The Lisbon
Treaty is the answer to criticisms which citizens have levelled at the
deficits of the European Union. This Treaty brings the European Union
closer to its citizens. We must make it abundantly clear that the adoption
of the Reform Treaty is an absolute necessity, to enable the European Union
to defend its values and interests in the 21st century. Without the reforms
which are made possible by the Lisbon Treaty, the accession of further
countries to the European Union is hardly conceivable. We call upon the EU
Summit on Thursday and Friday in Brussels to take all appropriate steps to
make the Reform Treaty a reality.

The ratification process must continue without reservation. We call upon
the Irish Government, for its part, to submit proposals as to how we can
jointly progress beyond this difficult phase in European politics. The
European Parliament will devote all its energies and display maximum
commitment to overcoming these challenges. We expect the same of the
European Commission and of the governments of all European Union Member
States. We equally expect the European Parliament to be comprehensively
involved in the work concerned. It remains our goal to see the Lisbon
Treaty enter into force before the elections of June 2009 to the European
Parliament. Provided that you agree to this, I shall resolutely propound
these principles to the European Council on 19 and 20 June in Brussels.'

Situation in the Middle East

The President, at the request of the Conference of Presidents, then made a
statement on the findings of the report by the Middle East working group
delegation which visited Israel and Palestine from 30 May to 2 June 2008.


