16.00.

Wednesday

Request by the Verts/ALE Group to hold the joint debate on economic
governance (items 77, 78, 79, 80, 81 and 82 of the final draft agenda)
after the debate on the preparations for the European Council meeting (23-
24 June 2011) (item 47 of the final draft agenda).

Parliament rejected the request.
Thursday

Request by the GUE/NGL Group to postpone the vote on the reports on
economic governance to the next part-session (Report: Elisa Ferreira - A7-
0183/2011, Report: Diogo Feio - A7-0179/2011, Report: Vicky Ford - A7-
0184/2011, Report: Sylvie Goulard - A7-0180/2011, Report: Corien Wortmann-
Kool - A7-0178/2011, Report: Carl Haglund - A7-0182/2011).

The following spoke: Jrgen Klute, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
explaining the reasons for the request, Corien Wortmann-Kool, on behalf of
the PPE Group, opposing the request, and Ilda Figueiredo, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, who supported it.

Parliament rejected the request.
                                      
                                      

The order of business was thus established.


12. Preparations for the European Council meeting (23-24 June 2011)
(debate)

Council and Commission statements: Preparations for the European Council
meeting (23-24 June 2011)

Enik? Gy?ri (President-in-Office of the Council) and Jos Manuel Barroso
(President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group, and Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group.

(Continuation of the debate: see minutes of 22.6.2011, item 14)


13. Welcome

On behalf of Parliament, the President welcomed a delegation from the
Mexican Senate, who had taken their seats in the distinguished visitors'
gallery.


14. Preparations for the European Council meeting (23-24 June 2011)
(continuation of debate)

(For the title of the debate, see minutes of 22.6.2011, item 12)

The following spoke: Guy Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE Group, who also
answered three blue-card questions by Joseph Daul, Georgios Koumoutsakos
and Miloslav Ransdorf, and Jan Zahradil, on behalf of the ECR Group.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Rainer WIELAND
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
Lothar Bisky, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Nigel Farage, on behalf of
the EFD Group, who also replied to a blue-card question by Niki Tzavela,
and Barry Madlener, Non-attached Member.

The following spoke: Jos Manuel Barroso (President of the Commission).

The following spoke: Manfred Weber, Hannes Swoboda, who also replied to a
blue-card question by Miloslav Ransdorf, Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, Sven
Giegold, on what Alexander Graf Lambsdorff had said, Niki Tzavela, Andrew
Henry William Brons, Ildik Gll-Pelcz, Juan Fernando Lpez Aguilar, Adina-
Ioana V?lean, Mario Borghezio, Mario Mauro, Anni Podimata, Sarah Ludford,
Fiorello Provera, Jean-Pierre Audy, Edite Estrela, Charles Goerens, Paulo
Rangel, Gianni Pittella, Marian-Jean Marinescu and Tunne Kelam.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Sen Kelly, Csaba
Sndor Tabajdi, Ilda Figueiredo, Franz Obermayr, Lena Kolarska-Bobi?ska,
Bogus?aw Liberadzki and Simon Busuttil.

The following spoke: Maro? ?ef?ovi? (Vice-President of the Commission) and
Enik? Gy?ri (President-in-Office of the Council).

The debate closed.


15. The CAP towards 2020 (debate)

Report on the CAP towards 2020: meeting the food, natural resources and
territorial challenges of the future [2011/2051(INI)] - Committee on
Agriculture and Rural Development. Rapporteur: Albert De (A7-0202/2011)

Albert De introduced the report.

The following spoke: Dacian Ciolo? (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Kriton Arsenis (rapporteur for the opinion of the DEVE
Committee), Karin Kadenbach (rapporteur for the opinion of the ENVI
Committee), Czes?aw Adam Siekierski (rapporteur for the opinion of the REGI
Committee), Michel Dantin, on behalf of the PPE Group, Stphane Le Foll, on
behalf of the S&D Group, George Lyon, on behalf of the ALDE Group, James
Nicholson, on behalf of the ECR Group, Martin Husling, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, Patrick Le Hyaric, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
Krisztina Morvai, on the organisation of the debate, Lorenzo Fontana, on
behalf of the EFD Group, Diane Dodds, Non-attached Member, and Giovanni La
Via.

                   IN THE CHAIR: Rodi KRATSA-TSAGAROPOULOU
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos, Marit Paulsen, Janusz
Wojciechowski, Jos Bov, Alfreds Rubiks, John Stuart Agnew, Krisztina
Morvai, Esther Herranz Garca, Paolo De Castro, Britta Reimers, Hynek
Fajmon, Alyn Smith, Bairbre de Brn, Giancarlo Scott, Georgios
Papastamkos, Ulrike Rodust, Richard Ashworth, Elisabeth Kstinger, Iratxe
Garca Prez, Julie Girling, Elisabeth Jeggle, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Marc
Tarabella and Daciana Octavia Srbu.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Jaros?aw
Kalinowski, Mario Pirillo, Joo Ferreira, Andrew Henry William Brons, Maria
do Cu Patro Neves, Wojciech Micha? Olejniczak, Marian-Jean Marinescu and
Sergio Gutirrez Prieto.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Lszl T?KS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Marc Tarabella, regretting that the Council was not
present.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Oreste Rossi and
Herbert Dorfmann.

The following spoke: Dacian Ciolo? and Albert De.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 23.6.2011, item 12.23.

