12. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B7-0002/2010).
Question 1 would not be taken as the subject to which it referred was
already on the agenda of the part-session.

Question 2 (Gay Mitchell): Credit crunch/Loans for business.

Diego Lpez Garrido (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the
question and a supplementary by Gay Mitchell.


The following spoke: Catherine Greze.

The following spoke: Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke to put a supplementary (Diego
Lpez Garrido suggested that he answer this at the same time as Question 9.
It was so decided).

Question 3 (Bernd Posselt): EU integration of Kosovo.
Diego Lpez Garrido answered the question and supplementaries by Bernd
Posselt, Andreas Mlzer and Nikolaos Chountis.


Question 4 (Jim Higgins): Devastation of the tropical rainforests.
Diego Lpez Garrido answered the question and supplementaries by Jim
Higgins, Chris Davies and Franz Obermayr.


Question 5 (Liam Aylward): European-level action on combating Alzheimer's
disease.
Diego Lpez Garrido answered the question and supplementaries by Liam
Aylward, Jim Higgins and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.


Question 6 (Harlem Dsir): Corporate social responsibility (CSR).
Diego Lpez Garrido answered the question and supplementaries by Harlem
Dsir, dm Ksa and Hans-Peter Martin.


Question 7 (Hans-Peter Martin): EU financial supervision.
Diego Lpez Garrido answered the question and supplementaries by Hans-Peter
Martin, Sen Kelly and Nikolaos Chountis.


Question 9 (Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou): Economic situation in Greece and
role of the Eurozone.
Diego Lpez Garrido answered the question and supplementaries by Rodi
Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou and Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke.



Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).



Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.15 and resumed at 21.00.)



                   IN THE CHAIR: Rodi KRATSA-TSAGAROPOULOU
                               Vice-President


