15. European Strategy for the Danube Region (debate)

Oral question (O-0150/2009) by Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Brian Simpson, Jnos
der, Hannes Swoboda, Eva Lichtenberger, Michael Cramer, Sad El Khadraoui,
Mathieu Grosch, Iuliu Winkler, Victor Bo?tinaru, Ioan Mircea Pa?cu, Marian-
Jean Marinescu, Ivailo Kalfin, Norica Nicolai, Dirk Sterckx, Csaba Sndor
Tabajdi, Michael Theurer, Ismail Ertug, Ins Ayala Sender, Ji? Havel, Edit
Herczog, Stanimir Ilchev, Iliana Malinova Iotova, Jelko Kacin, Evgeni
Kirilov, dm Ksa, Ioan Enciu, Eduard Kukan, Gesine Meissner, Alajos
Mszros, Katarna Neve?alov, Daciana Octavia Srbu, Vilja Savisaar, Olga
Sehnalov, Catherine Stihler, Peter van Dalen, Louis Grech, Corina Cre?u,
George Sabin Cuta?, Vasilica Viorica D?ncil?, C?t?lin Sorin Ivan, Kinga
Gncz and Antonyia Parvanova, to the Commission: European Strategy for the
Danube Region (B7-0240/2009).

Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u moved the oral question.

Olli Rehn (Member of the Commission) answered the oral question.

The following spoke: Marian-Jean Marinescu, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Constanze Angela Krehl, on behalf of the S&D Group, Michael Theurer, on
behalf of the ALDE Group, Eva Lichtenberger, on behalf of the Verts/ALE
Group, Old?ich Vlask, on behalf of the ECR Group, Jaromr Kohl?ek, on
behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Jaroslav Pa?ka, on behalf of the EFD Group,
Csand Szegedi, Non-attached Member, Lambert van Nistelrooij, Ins Ayala
Sender, Filiz Hakaeva Hyusmenova, Hans-Peter Martin, Evgeni Kirilov, Jnos
der, Nadezhda Neynsky, Olga Sehnalov, Franz Obermayr, Eduard Kukan,
Zigmantas Bal?ytis, Miroslav Mikol?ik, Evelyn Regner, dm Ksa, Karin
Kadenbach, Petru Constantin Luhan, Monika Smolkov, Iosif Matula and Danuta
Maria Hbner.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Jan Olbrycht,
Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Elena B?sescu, Ivailo Kalfin, Czes?aw Adam
Siekierski, Katarna Neve?alov, Csaba Sgor and Kinga Gncz.

The following spoke: Olli Rehn.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 115(5):
- Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Constanze Angela Krehl, Victor Bo?tinaru, Brian
Simpson, Sad El Khadraoui, Hannes Swoboda, Evgeni Kirilov, Georgios
Stavrakakis and Ivailo Kalfin, on behalf of the S&D Group, on a European
Strategy for the Danube Region (B7-0031/2010)

- Michael Theurer and Ramona Nicole M?nescu, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
on a European Strategy for the Danube Region (B7-0032/2010)

- Eva Lichtenberger, Michael Cramer, Elisabeth Schroedter, Barbara
Lochbihler, Daniel Cohn-Bendit and Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, on a European Strategy for the Danube Region (B7-
0033/2010)

- Jaromr Kohl?ek and Miloslav Ransdorf, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
on a European Strategy for the Danube Region (B7-0034/2010)

- Lambert van Nistelrooij, Danuta Maria Hbner, Marian-Jean Marinescu,
Richard Seeber, Elisabeth Jeggle, Elena B?sescu, Iosif Matula, Petru
Constantin Luhan and Elena Oana Antonescu, on behalf of the PPE Group, on a
European Strategy for the Danube Region (B7-0036/2010)

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 21.1.2010, item 7.4..

