13. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0475/2008).

Part one
Question 40 (Armando Frana): Anti-drugs strategy.
Siim Kallas (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Armando Frana.

Question 41 (Pter Olajos): Import of poultry meat products from China.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Pter Olajos, Jim
Allister and Armando Frana.

Question 42 (Ona Juknevi?ien?): Implementation of the European Social Fund
in the Member States.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Ona Juknevi?ien?,
Zita Ple?tinsk and Gay Mitchell.

Part two
Question 43 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Community co-financed projects and
Siemens' slush funds.
Siim Kallas answered the question and a supplementary by Dimitrios
Papadimoulis.

Question 44 lapsed as its author was absent.

Question 45 (Nirj Deva): Administrative affairs and the Lisbon Treaty.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Nirj Deva and
Reinhard Rack.

Question 46 (Ryszard Czarnecki): Abuses and corruption by EU officials.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Ryszard Czarnecki
and Reinhard Rack.

Question 47 (Eoin Ryan): CCCTB impact assessment.
Question 48 (Marian Harkin): CCCTB.
Lszl Kovcs (Member of the Commission) answered the questions and
supplementaries by Eoin Ryan and Marian Harkin.


Question 49 (Georgios Papastamkos): EU-China customs cooperation.
Lszl Kovcs answered the question and supplementaries by Georgios
Papastamkos and Avril Doyle.

Question 50 (Sen  Neachtain): Financing security measures at European
regional airports.
Antonio Tajani (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Sen  Neachtain, Manolis Mavrommatis, Paul Rbig and
Jim Higgins.

Question 51 (Stavros Arnaoutakis): High quality transport and small island
regions of the European Union.
Antonio Tajani answered the question and supplementaries by Costas
Botopoulos (deputising for the author) and Avril Doyle.

Question 52 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): European legislative measures
on shipping safety.
Antonio Tajani answered the question and supplementaries by Manolis
Mavrommatis (deputising for the author) and Colm Burke.

Question 53 (Emmanouil Angelakas): Improvement of urban transport.
Antonio Tajani answered the question and supplementaries by Emmanouil
Angelakas, Mairead McGuinness and Paul Rbig.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.45 and resumed at 21.00.)

                   IN THE CHAIR: Rodi KRATSA-TSAGAROPOULOU
                               Vice-President


