11. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0001/2008).

Question 1 (Marian Harkin): Youth Working Party.
Janez Lenar?i? (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the question
and supplementaries by Marian Harkin and Danut? Budreikait?.


Question 2 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Multilateralism and bilateral
agreements.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina
Ortega, Paul Rbig and Josu Ortuondo Larrea.


Question 3 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Measures to promote family-
friendly policies.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and supplementaries by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Brian Crowley and Marian Harkin.


Question 4 (Georgios Papastamkos): Initiatives by the Slovene Presidency
regarding a new approach to neighbourhood policy and energy.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and supplementaries by Georgios
Papastamkos, Alexander Stubb and Justas Vincas Paleckis.


Question 5 (Colm Burke): EU Peace-keeping Mission to Chad and Central
African Republic (CAR) - short on helicopters and medical facilities.
Question 6 (Liam Aylward): EU peacekeeping mission to Chad.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the questions and supplementaries by Colm Burke,
Liam Aylward and Bogus?aw Sonik.


Question 7 (Gay Mitchell): Protection of EU citizens in Muslim countries.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and supplementaries by Gay Mitchell
and Reinhard Rack.


Question 8 (Avril Doyle): Biodiversity and climate change.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and supplementaries by Avril Doyle and
Mairead McGuinness.


Question 9 (Jim Higgins): Moving beyond GDP.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and supplementaries by Mairead
McGuinness, deputising for the author, Reinhard Rack and Avril Doyle.


Question 10 (Mairead McGuinness): Investigation into care homes in
Bulgaria.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and supplementaries by Mairead
McGuinness, Jim Allister and Elizabeth Lynne.


Question 11 (Bernd Posselt): Negotiating date for Macedonia.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt,
Avril Doyle and Nikolaos Vakalis.

Question 12 had been withdrawn.


Question 13 (Nikolaos Vakalis): Reduction in VAT rates for environmentally
friendly technologies and products.
Janez Lenar?i? answered the question.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.30 and resumed at 21.00.)

                        IN THE CHAIR: Luigi COCILOVO
                               Vice-President


