12. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0010/2008).

Part one
Question 39 (Anne E. Jensen): EASA airworthiness assessment procedures.

Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Anne E. Jensen and Jrg Leichtfried.

Question 40 (Jrg Leichtfried): Transparency with regard to management pay.

Charlie McCreevy (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Jrg Leichtfried.

Question 41 (Cristina Gutirrez-Cortines): Construction of underground
stretch of high-speed rail line near the Sagrada Familia church
(Barcelona).

Stavros Dimas (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Cristina Gutirrez-Cortines and Maria Badia i Cutchet.



Part two
Question 42 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Inclusion of Ancient Greek
and Latin in the European Indicator of Language Competence.

Leonard Orban (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Manolis Mavrommatis and
Bernd Posselt.

Question 43 (Bernd Posselt): Support for linguistic minorities.

Leonard Orban answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd Posselt.

Question 44 (Sen  Neachtain): Lesser-used languages in Europe.

Leonard Orban answered the question and supplementaries by Sen  Neachtain
and Mairead McGuinness.

 Question 45 would receive a written answer.

The following spoke: Evgeni Kirilov, on the conduct of Question Time.

Question 46 (Claude Moraes): Regional Development Funds and minority
groups.

Danuta Hbner (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Claude Moraes and Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou.

Question 47 (Jim Higgins): EU regional funding for Ireland 2007-2013.

Danuta Hbner answered the question and a supplementary by Jim Higgins.

Question 48 (Brian Crowley): EU support for the peace process in Ireland.

Danuta Hbner answered the question and supplementaries by Sen  Neachtain
(for the author) and Jim Higgins.

Question 49 (David Martin): European structural funding.

Danuta Hbner answered the question and a supplementary by David Martin.

Questions 50 to 54 would receive written answers.

Question 55 (Georgios Papastamkos): Creation of a regulatory authority for
the European telecommunications sector.

Viviane Reding (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Georgios Papastamkos.

Question 56 (Giovanna Corda): Access to high-speed internet for citizens of
all the Member States.

Viviane Reding answered the question and a supplementary by Giovanna Corda.

Question 57 (Gay Mitchell): Internet safety.

Viviane Reding answered the question and supplementaries by Gay Mitchell
and Mairead McGuinness.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Mechtild ROTHE
                               Vice-President


