12. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0203/2009).

Question 20 (Ilda Figueiredo): Protection of the textile and clothing
industries in the context of international trade.
Catherine Ashton (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Ilda Figueiredo and David Martin.

Question 21 (Brian Crowley): EU priorities for Intergovernmental Conference
on Climate Change.
Stavros Dimas (Member of the Commission) answered the questions and
supplementaries by Brian Crowley, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u and Paul Rbig.

Question 22 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Measures to stimulate investment in
increasing energy efficiency and the use of renewable energies.
Stavros Dimas answered the question and supplementaries by Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u, Sen Kelly and Andreas Mlzer.

Question 23 (Czes?aw Adam Siekierski): Development assistance in an
economic crisis.
Karel De Gucht (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Czes?aw Adam Siekierski and Franz Obermayr.

Question 24 (Fiorello Provera): Demographics and development policy in
Africa.
Karel De Gucht answered the question and supplementaries by Fiorello
Provera and Andreas Mlzer.

Question 25 (Jim Higgins): Suspension of negotiations on free trade
agreement between the EU and Colombia.
Catherine Ashton answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins
and David Martin.

Question 26 (Georgios Papastamkos): International trade recovery.
Catherine Ashton answered the question and a supplementary by Georgios
Papastamkos.

Question 27 lapsed as its author was absent.

Question 28 (Liam Aylward): Marketing European beef and lamb products.
Catherine Ashton answered the question and supplementaries by Liam Aylward
and Sen Kelly.

Question 29 (Bernd Posselt): Environmental damage caused by lignite mining
in the Czech Republic and central Germany.
Stavros Dimas answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd Posselt.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.


