20. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0448/2006).

Question 1 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Action by the Finnish
Presidency in respect of children and their families.
Paula Lehtomki (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the question
and supplementaries by Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Paul Rbig and
Manuel Medina Ortega.


Question 2 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Immigration strategies.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina
Ortega, Danut? Budreikait? and Reinhard Rack, the latter following a
contribution from Derek Roland Clark.


Question 3 (Claude Moraes): Council plans for 2007 Year of Equal
Opportunities and 2008 Year of Intercultural Dialogue.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and a supplementary by Richard
Corbett (deputising for the author).


Question 4 (Sarah Ludford): Counter-terrorism strategy.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Sarah Ludford
and Jrg Leichtfried.

Question 5 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 6 (Danut? Budreikait?): Lithuania's energy prospects.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Danut?
Budreikait?, Justas Vincas Paleckis, Paul Rbig and Laima Liucija
Andrikien?.


Question 7 (Avril Doyle): COP12.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and a supplementary by Avril Doyle.


Question 8 (Richard Corbett): Composition of the Commission.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and a supplementary by Richard
Corbett.

Question 9 had been withdrawn.


Question 10 (Bernd Posselt): Status of Kosovo.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd Posselt.


Question 11 (Bastiaan Belder): Late abortions at Ginemedex abortion clinic
in Barcelona.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and a supplementary by Bastiaan
Belder.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.00 and resumed at 21.00.)

                          IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO
                               Vice-President


