13. 2008 budget: Section III - Commission - 2008 budget (sections I, II,
IV, V, VI, VII, VIII, IX) (debate)

Report on on the draft general budget of the European Union for the
financial year 2008, Section III - Commission (C6-0287/2007 -
2007/2019(BUD)) and Letter of amendment No 1/2008 (13659/2007 - C6-
0341/2007) to the draft general budget of the European Union for the
financial year 2008 - Committee on Budgets. Rapporteur: Kysti Virrankoski
(A6-0397/2007)

on the draft general budget of the European Union for the financial year
2008
Section I, European Parliament
Section II, Council
Section IV, Court of Justice
Section V, Court of Auditors
Section VI, European Economic and Social Committee
Section VII, Committee of the Regions
Section VIII, European Ombudsman
Section IX, European Data Protection Supervisor [C6-0288/2007 -
2007/2019B(BUD)] - Committee on Budgets. Rapporteur: Ville Itl (A6-
0394/2007)

The President made the following statement: 'Before I give the floor to
Commissioner Dalia Grybauskait?, I should like to express my amazement that
other Commissioners whom we invited to attend are not here. There are
various reasons for this. Our invitations were, apparently, sent too late.
That may be the case; I will look into the matter.

However, I would remind the Commission that, under an interinstitutional
agreement, the Commission is required to be present at the plenary sessions
of the European Parliament. I will look into the matter, and I expect both
the Commission and, of course, we in Parliament to honour our commitments
under the interinstitutional agreement.

I call on the Commissioner present, Dalia Grybauskait?, to pass on this
message to the Commission. I had, incidentally, also expressed this view in
the Conference of Presidents. However, I do not want to make any one-sided
accusations here, but I will look into the matter.'

Ville Itl and Kysti Virrankoski introduced the reports.

The following spoke: Richard James Ashworth, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
Catherine Guy-Quint, on behalf of the PSE Group, Anne E. Jensen, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, Wies?aw Stefan Kuc, on behalf of the UEN Group, Helga
Trpel, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Esko Seppnen, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, Nils Lundgren, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, and Hans-
Peter Martin, Non-attached Member.

The following spoke: Dalia Grybauskait? (Member of the Commission).

The following spoke: Michael Gahler (draftsman of the opinion of the AFET
Committee) and Ralf Walter (draftsman of the opinion of the DEVE
Committee).

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Peter ??astn (draftsman of the opinion of the INTA
Committee), Salvador Garriga Polledo (draftsman of the opinion of the CONT
Committee), Cristobal Montoro Romero (draftsman of the opinion of the ECON
Committee), Gabriele Stauner (draftsman of the opinion of the EMPL
Committee), Jutta Haug (draftsman of the opinion of the ENVI Committee),
Angelika Niebler (draftsman of the opinion of the ITRE Committee), Luisa
Fernanda Rudi Ubeda (draftsman of the opinion of the IMCO Committee),
Wojciech Roszkowski (draftsman of the opinion of the REGI Committee), Jan
Mulder (draftsman of the opinion of the AGRI Committee), Emanuel Jardim
Fernandes (draftsman of the opinion of the PECH Committee), Helga Trpel
(draftsman of the opinion of the CULT Committee), Grard Deprez (draftsman
of the opinion of the LIBE Committee), Rihards P?ks (draftsman of the
opinion of the AFCO Committee), Christa Prets (draftsman of the opinion of
the FEMM Committee), Luciana Sbarbati (draftsman of the opinion of the PETI
Committee), Lszl Surjn, Jutta Haug, Grard Deprez, Zbigniew Krzysztof
Ku?miuk, Grard Onesta, Pedro Guerreiro, Jean-Claude Martinez, Sergej
Kozlk, Ingeborg Grle, Vladimr Ma?ka, Nathalie Griesbeck, Sen 
Neachtain, Margrete Auken, Adamos Adamou and Janusz Lewandowski.

                          IN THE CHAIR: Adam BIELAN
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Louis Grech, Istvn Szent-Ivnyi, Konrad Szyma?ski,
Satu Hassi, James Elles, Joan Calabuig Rull, Samuli Pohjamo, Simon
Busuttil, Gran Frm, Hannu Takkula, Monica Maria Iacob-Ridzi, Marusya
Ivanova Lyubcheva, Margarita Starkevi?i?t?, Rolf Berend, Thijs Berman,
Christofer Fjellner, Katerina Batzeli and Reimer Bge (Chairman of the BUDG
Committee).

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 25.10.2007, Item 7.2 and Minutes of 25.10.2007, Item 7.3.


  (The sitting was suspended at 17.45 pending Question Time and resumed at
                                   17.50.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Diana WALLIS
                               Vice-President


