15. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0318/2007).

Part one
Question 41 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Child abduction.

Franco Frattini (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and supplementaries by Manuel Medina Ortega, Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou
and Reinhard Rack.

Question 42 (Milan Ga?a): Tropical virus chikungunya in Europe.

Markos Kyprianou (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Milan Ga?a.

Question 43 (Paulo Casaca): Humanitarian disaster in Iraq.

Neelie Kroes (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Paulo Casaca and Danut? Budreikait?.

Part two
Question 44 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Contract staff in posts
meeting established and permanent needs in the EU institutions and
services.

Siim Kallas (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou and Paul Rbig.

Question 45 (Johan Van Hecke): Impact of the growing number of EU officials
on pension costs.

Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Johan Van Hecke,
Justas Vincas Paleckis and Ingeborg Grle.

Question 46 (Esko Seppnen): Commission and trade unions.

Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Esko Seppnen and
Paul Rbig.

Questions 47 to 48 would receive written answers.

Question 49 (Bart Staes): Total proceeds from fines imposed on businesses
under competition rules.

Neelie Kroes answered the question and supplementaries by Bart Staes,
Reinhard Rack and Danut? Budreikait?.

Question 50 (Lambert van Nistelrooij): Merger between Suez and Gaz de
France.

Neelie Kroes answered the question and a supplementary by Lambert van
Nistelrooij.

Question 51 lapsed as its author was absent.

Question 52 (Anne Van Lancker): Subsidy to Volvo Cars Ghent / EU rules on
State aid.

Neelie Kroes answered the question and a supplementary by Anne Van Lancker.

Question 53 (Georgios Papastamkos): Trade and climate change.

Peter Mandelson (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papastamkos and Daniel Caspary.

Question 54 (Daniel Caspary): Discussion on the future of the trade defence
instruments.
Question 55 (Laima Liucija Andrikien?): EU trade defence instruments.

Peter Mandelson answered the question and supplementaries by Daniel
Caspary, Laima Liucija Andrikien?, Georgios Papastamkos and Elisa Ferreira.

Questions 56 to 98 would receive written answers.

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.35 and resumed at 21.00.)

                          IN THE CHAIR: Adam BIELAN
                               Vice-President


