4. Implications for EU agriculture of the reopening of negotiations with
Mercosur with a view to concluding an Association Agreement - Preparations
for the forthcoming EU-Brazil summit on 14 July 2010 in Brasilia (debate)

Oral question (O-0079/2010) by Mairead McGuinness, Albert De, Georgios
Papastamkos, Vronique Mathieu, Mariya Nedelcheva, Michel Dantin, Giovanni
La Via, Elisabeth Jeggle, Peter Jahr, Christa Kla, Elisabeth Kstinger,
Esther de Lange, Sergio Paolo Francesco Silvestris, Astrid Lulling, Bla
Glattfelder, Esther Herranz Garca, Gabriel Mato Adrover, Herbert Dorfmann,
Jaros?aw Kalinowski, Joseph Daul, Maria do Cu Patro Neves, Czes?aw Adam
Siekierski, Christophe Bchu, Rare?-Lucian Niculescu, Hans-Peter Mayer and
Jean-Pierre Audy, on behalf of the PPE Group, James Nicholson and Janusz
Wojciechowski, on behalf of the ECR Group, Jos Bov, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, George Lyon, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Luis Manuel
Capoulas Santos and Karin Kadenbach, on behalf of the S&D Group, to the
Commission: The implications for EU agriculture of the reopening of
negotiations with Mercosur with a view to concluding an Association
Agreement (B7-0315/2010)

Oral question (O-0091/2010) by Luis Yez-Barnuevo Garca, on behalf of the
S&D Group, to the Commission: Preparations for forthcoming EU-Brazil summit
in Brasilia on 14 July 2010 (B7-0317/2010)

The following spoke: Mairead McGuinness and James Nicholson on the conduct
of the proceedings. (The President took note of this).

James Nicholson, Jos Bov, George Lyon, Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos and
Luis Yez-Barnuevo Garca moved the oral questions.

Karel De Gucht (Member of the Commission) answered the oral questions.

The following spoke: Georgios Papastamkos, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Edite Estrela, on behalf of the S&D Group, Marielle De Sarnez, on behalf of
the ALDE Group, Elie Hoarau, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Andreas
Mlzer, Non-attached Member, and Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Libor ROU?EK
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Marc Tarabella, Liam Aylward, Daniel Caspary, Iratxe
Garca Prez, Albert De, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Bla Glattfelder and
Mairead McGuinness (author).

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Christophe Bchu,
Spyros Danellis, Marian Harkin, Giancarlo Scott, Diane Dodds, Czes?aw Adam
Siekierski, Karin Kadenbach and Jean-Pierre Audy.

The following spoke: Franz Obermayr, on the 'catch-the-eye' procedure, and
Karel De Gucht.

The debate closed.


