4. Statement by the President

The President made the following statement:

'The Conference of Presidents has taken a unanimous decision, which I am
relaying to you, addressing myself in particular to the Council.

In the context of the discussions on the Commission proposal amending the
Regulation on the funding of European political parties, the Permanent
Representatives' Committee decided yesterday to split the Commission
proposal and to decide on the necessary amendments to the Financial
Regulation in a separate legal act, on the legal basis that applies to
amendments to the Financial Regulation.

That would mean that essential aspects of this legislative process would
not be subject to codecision with the European Parliament and that the
Commission would, counter to its own convictions, have to present a new
proposal, without the Court of Auditors having to be consulted.

The European Parliament calls on the Council to reconsider this decision.
The amendments to the Regulation proposed by the Commission are necessary
to tackle the practical difficulties that have arisen in its application.
In addition, they would allow the development of political foundations at
European level, which make an important contribution to political awareness
among the public, to continue to be supported. It is therefore necessary
for the proposed regulation to enter into force as soon as possible.

The Committee on Constitutional Affairs adopted a report on 22 October
which emphasised a readiness to compromise with the Council with a view to
achieving swift adoption of the proposed regulation.

By proposing to split the regulation, the Permanent Representatives'
Committee is rejecting these efforts. So doing is legally unnecessary,
places into question the Commission's right of initiative, curtails
Parliament's rights and runs the risk of causing significant delays.

On behalf of the Conference of Presidents, I call on the Council to rectify
at ministerial level the decision of the permanent representatives.'

The following spoke: Jo Leinen, Chairman of the AFCO Committee, and Margot
Wallstrm (Vice-President of the Commission).


