12. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0207/2010).

Question 25 (Georgios Papastamkos): Creation of European credit rating
authority.
Michel Barnier (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papastamkos and Franz Obermayr.

Question 28 (Liam Aylward): Consumer choice and smart phone technology.
Joaqun Almunia (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and supplementaries by Liam Aylward, Paul Rbig and Franz Obermayr.

Question 32 (Nikolaos Chountis): Activity of credit rating agencies.
Karel De Gucht (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Nikolaos Chountis, Morten Messerschmidt and Georgios
Papanikolaou.

Question 30 (Brian Crowley): EU Broadband Strategy.
Neelie Kroes (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Liam Aylward (deputising for the author), Malcolm
Harbour and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.

Question 33 (Bernd Posselt): Great Britain, Sweden and the euro.
Karel De Gucht answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd Posselt.

Question 34 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Extending cuts to the private sector.
Karel De Gucht answered the question and supplementaries by Georgios
Papanikolaou and Nikolaos Chountis.

Question 35 (dm Ksa): Conflicts of responsibilities of Member States and
the EU in connection with IMF agreement(s).
Karel De Gucht answered the question and supplementaries by Kinga Gl
(deputising for the author) and Nikolaos Chountis.

Question 36 (Eleni Theocharous): Budget deficit in Cyprus.

The following spoke: Karel De Gucht and Gay Mitchell on the conduct of
question time.

Karel De Gucht answered the question and a supplementary by Eleni
Theocharous.

Question 37 (Morten Messerschmidt): Greece and the current crisis in euro
cooperation.
Karel De Gucht answered the question and a supplementary by Morten
Messerschmidt.

Question 38 (Gay Mitchell): European Monetary Fund.
Karel De Gucht answered the question and a supplementary by Gay Mitchell.

Question 39 (Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou): Financial monitoring procedures
for the Member States.
Karel De Gucht answered the question and a supplementary by Rodi Kratsa-
Tsagaropoulou.

Questions 26, 27, 29 and 31, along with questions that had not been
answered owing to lack of time would receive written answers (see annex to
the Verbatim Report).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.25 and resumed at 21.00.)

                IN THE CHAIR: Miguel Angel MARTNEZ MARTNEZ
                               Vice-President


