11. Ukraine (debate)

Statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy: Ukraine

?tefan Fle (Member of the Commission) made the statement.

The following spoke: Michael Gahler, on behalf of the PPE Group, who also
answered a blue-card question by Marek Henryk Migalski, Adrian Severin, on
behalf of the S&D Group, Adina-Ioana V?lean, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
Rebecca Harms, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski, on
behalf of the ECR Group, Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the EFD Group,
Andreas Mlzer, Non-attached Member, Gyrgy Schpflin, Marek Siwiec, Pawe?
Robert Kowal, Inese Vaidere, who also answered two blue-card questions by
Kristian Vigenin, Traian Ungureanu and Hannes Swoboda.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: El?bieta Katarzyna
?ukacijewska, Kyriakos Mavronikolas, Siiri Oviir, Marek Henryk Migalski,
Jaromr Kohl?ek, Jaroslav Pa?ka, Franz Obermayr, Mariya Nedelcheva, Vilija
Blinkevi?i?t?, Ivo Vajgl, Charles Tannock and Lena Kolarska-Bobi?ska

The following spoke: ?tefan Fle, Michael Gahler and Hannes Swoboda.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Johannes Cornelis van Baalen, Adina-Ioana V?lean, Ramon Tremosa i
Balcells, Kristiina Ojuland and Marielle De Sarnez, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, on the situation in Ukraine (B7-0571/2010)

- Jaromr Kohl?ek and Willy Meyer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on
Ukraine (B7-0574/2010)

- Rebecca Harms and Werner Schulz, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, on the
situation in Ukraine (B7-0575/2010)

- Adrian Severin, Hannes Swoboda, Marek Siwiec, Kristian Vigenin and Vilija
Blinkevi?i?t?, on behalf of the S&D Group, on Ukraine (B7-0576/2010)

- Charles Tannock, Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski, Adam Bielan, Ryszard Czarnecki,
Pawe? Robert Kowal, Ryszard Antoni Legutko, Marek Henryk Migalski, Tomasz
Piotr Por?ba, Konrad Szyma?ski and Roberts Z?le, on behalf of the ECR
Group, on Ukraine (B7-0577/2010)

- Elmar Brok, Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Michael Gahler,
Ioannis Kasoulides, Lena Kolarska-Bobi?ska, Cristian Dan Preda, Krzysztof
Lisek, Traian Ungureanu and Inese Vaidere, on behalf of the PPE Group, on
Ukraine (B7-0578/2010).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 21.10.2010, item 7.8.
  (The sitting was suspended at 17.55 pending Question Time and resumed at
                                   18.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Diana WALLIS
                               Vice-President


