12. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B7-0552/2010).

Question 1 (Marian Harkin): UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with
Disabilities.
Olivier Chastel (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the question
and supplementaries by Marian Harkin, Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke and Vilija
Blinkevi?i?t?.


Question 2 (Gay Mitchell): Epilepsy treatment.
Olivier Chastel answered the question and a supplementary by Mairead
McGuinness (deputising for the author).


Question 3 (Sen Kelly): Coordination of the EU's position in Cancun.
Olivier Chastel answered the question and supplementaries by Sen Kelly,
Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u and Franz Obermayr.


Question 4 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Programme of the Presidency - early
school leaving.
Olivier Chastel answered the question and supplementaries by Georgios
Papanikolaou, Vilija Blinkevi?i?t? and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.


Question 5 (Jim Higgins): EU goal of total elimination of landmines.
Olivier Chastel answered the question and supplementaries by Jim Higgins,
Paul Rbig and Sen Kelly.


Question 6 (Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?): Creation of an Observatory on Violence
Against Women.
Olivier Chastel answered the question and supplementaries by Vilija
Blinkevi?i?t? and Paul Rbig.


Question 7 (Jos Manuel Fernandes): Bio-waste.
Olivier Chastel answered the question and a supplementary by Jos Manuel
Fernandes.


Question 8 (Mairead McGuinness): The possibility of a double-dip recession:
sustainability of the 3% target.
Olivier Chastel answered the question and supplementaries by Mairead
McGuinness, Brian Crowley and Georgios Papanikolaou.


Question 9 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Council measures in favour of free
movement of labour between Member States.
Olivier Chastel answered the question and supplementaries by Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u, Georgios Papanikolaou and Nicole Sinclaire.



Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).



Council Question Time closed.

