3. Preparations for the G20 summit (11-12 November) - Preparations for the
European Council meeting (28-29 October) - Financial, economic and social
crisis: recommendations concerning the measures and initiatives to be taken
- Improving economic governance and stability framework in the EU, in
particular in the euro zone (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Preparations for the G20 summit (11-12
November) and Preparations for the European Council meeting (28-29 October)

Report on the financial, economic and social crisis: recommendations
concerning measures and initiatives to be taken (mid-term report)
[2009/2182(INI)] - Special Committee on the Financial, Economic and Social
Crisis.Rapporteur: Pervenche Bers (A7-0267/2010)

Report with recommendations to the Commission on improving economic
governance and stability framework in the EU, in particular in the euro
zone [2010/2099(INI)] - Committee on Economic and Monetary
Affairs.Rapporteur: Diogo Feio (A7-0282/2010)

Olivier Chastel (President-in-Office of the Council) and Jos Manuel
Barroso (President of the Commission) made the statements.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Gianni PITTELLA
                               Vice-President

Pervenche Bers (rapporteur) and Diogo Feio (rapporteur) introduced the
reports.

The following spoke: Marta Andreasen (rapporteur for the opinion of the
BUDG Committee), David Casa (rapporteur for the opinion of the EMPL
Committee), Antnio Fernando Correia De Campos (rapporteur for the opinion
of the IMCO Committee), Martin Schulz to congratulate Ramn Juregui Atondo
on his recent appointment to the Spanish Government, Ramn Juregui
Atondo(rapporteur for the opinion of the AFCO Committee), Joseph Daul, on
behalf of the PPE Group, Martin Schulz, on behalf of the S&D Group, Guy
Verhofstadt, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of
the Verts/ALE Group, Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski, on behalf of the ECR Group,
Patrick Le Hyaric, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Nigel Farage, on behalf
of the EFD Group, who also answered a blue-card question by Martin Schulz,
Jos Manuel Barroso on what Nigel Farage had said, Francisco Sosa Wagner,
Non-attached Member, Othmar Karas, Stephen Hughes, Olle Schmidt, Pascal
Canfin, Roberts Z?le, Ilda Figueiredo, Juozas Imbrasas, Krisztina Morvai,
Corien Wortmann-Kool, Sergio Gaetano Cofferati, Wolf Klinz, Kay Swinburne,
Nikolaos Chountis, Mario Borghezio, Sirpa Pietikinen, Udo Bullmann, Ramon
Tremosa i Balcells, Ivo Strej?ek, Jrgen Klute and Jean-Paul Gauzs.

                      IN THE CHAIR: Stavros LAMBRINIDIS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Elisa Ferreira, Vicky Ford, Danuta Maria Hbner,
Robert Goebbels, Regina Bastos, Liisa Jaakonsaari, Iliana Ivanova, Ivailo
Kalfin, Frank Engel, Burkhard Balz, Antonio Cancian, Arturs Kri?j?nis
Kari??, Gunnar Hkmark and Theodoros Skylakakis.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Sen Kelly, Jan
Koz?owski, Gilles Pargneaux, Monika Fla?kov Be?ov, Anneli Jtteenmki,
Sven Giegold, Miguel Portas, Andrew Henry William Brons, Alajos Mszros,
Antigoni Papadopoulou, Philippe Lamberts, Constance Le Grip, Petru
Constantin Luhan, Rachida Dati, Vilija Blinkevi?i?t? and Andreas Mlzer.

The following spoke: Pervenche Bers, Diogo Feio, Olli Rehn (Member of the
Commission) and Olivier Chastel.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 20.10.2010, item 6.8 and minutes of 20.10.2010, item 6.9.
                          IN THE CHAIR: Jerzy BUZEK
                                  President

The following spoke: Janusz Wojciechowski on the murderous attack at the
headquarters of the Law and Justice Party (PiS) in ?d?.

Parliament observed a minute's silence.

The following spoke: Ria Oomen-Ruijten and Gerard Batten on the presence of
balloons in the Chamber.


