20. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0133/2007).

Question 1 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Aids for shipwreck rescue operations.
Manuel Lobo Antunes (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the
question and a supplementary by Manuel Medina Ortega.


Question 2 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Provision of adequate, high-
quality childcare facilities in the Member States.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou.


Question 3 (Sarah Ludford): Failure to agree framework decisions on
procedural rights.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Sarah
Ludford.

Question 4 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 5 (Bernd Posselt): Strengthened Mediterranean cooperation.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd
Posselt.

Question 6 would not be taken as the subject to which it referred was
already on the agenda of the part-session.


Question 7 (Mairead McGuinness): EU imports of Brazilian beef.
Question 8 (Liam Aylward): Separate EU-Brazil deal on the beef sector.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the questions and a supplementary by Mairead
McGuinness.


Questions 9 and 10 were not taken as the subject to which they referred was
already on the agenda of that part-session.

Questions 11 to 13 had been withdrawn.

Questions 14 to 18 lapsed as their authors were absent.

Question 19 (Luisa Morgantini): Kurdish mayor dismissed for providing
multilingual municipal services.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and supplementaries by Luisa
Morgantini and Bernd Posselt.


Question 20 (Leopold Jzef Rutowicz): Energy security for the EU over the
next 20 years.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Leopold
Jzef Rutowicz.


Questions 21 to 24 lapsed as their authors were absent.

Question 25 (Marian Harkin): Protocol negotiated by Britain on the Charter
of Fundamental Rights.
Manuel Lobo Antunes answered the question and a supplementary by Marian
Harkin.


Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 21.40 and resumed at 22.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Diana WALLIS
                               Vice-President


