16. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0457/2008).

Part one
Question 35 (Stavros Arnaoutakis): Food crises in the EU and protection of
European consumers.
Androula Vassiliou (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Stavros Arnaoutakis, Mairead McGuinness and Danut?
Budreikait?.

Question 36 (Bilyana Ilieva Raeva): Road safety.
Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
a supplementary by Bilyana Ilieva Raeva.

Question 37 lapsed as its author was absent.

Part two
Question 38 (Emmanouil Angelakas): Information and education for young
consumers.
Meglena Kuneva (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Emmanouil Angelakas and Danut? Budreikait?.

Question 39 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Consumer protection and
education.
Meglena Kuneva answered the question and supplementaries by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Paul Rbig and Reinhard Rack.

Question 40 (Giovanna Corda): Consumer complaints about e-commerce.
Meglena Kuneva answered the question and supplementaries by Giovanna Corda,
Paul Rbig and Justas Vincas Paleckis.

Question 42 (Colm Burke): Internal market scoreboard.
Charlie McCreevy (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Colm Burke.

Question 43 (Jim Higgins): Banking sector in border areas.
Charlie McCreevy answered the question and a supplementary by Jim Higgins.

Question 44 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Sale of the Hellenic
Telecommunications Organisation (OTE) and refusal to make a public takeover
bid.
Charlie McCreevy answered the question and a supplementary by Dimitrios
Papadimoulis.

Question 48 (Georgios Papastamkos): Black Sea Synergy.
Benita Ferrero-Waldner (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
a supplementary by Georgios Papastamkos.

Question 49 (Robert Evans): EU election observation missions.
Benita Ferrero-Waldner answered the question and supplementaries by Robert
Evans and Martin Callanan.

Question 50 (David Martin): Israel withholding Palestinian tax funds.
Benita Ferrero-Waldner answered the question and supplementaries by David
Martin and Reinhard Rack.

Questions 41, 45 to 47, 51 to 59, 62 to 70 and 72 to 85 would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of the sitting).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.10 and resumed at 21.00.)

                          IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO
                               Vice-President


