5. Rule of law in Russia (debate)

Statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy: Rule of law in Russia

Enik? Gy?ri (President-in-Office of the Council) made the statement on
behalf of Catherine Ashton (High Representative of the Union for Foreign
Affairs and Security Policy and Vice-President of the Commission).

The following spoke: Gyrgy Schpflin, on behalf of the PPE Group, Adrian
Severin, on behalf of the S&D Group, Kristiina Ojuland, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Werner Schulz, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Charles
Tannock, on behalf of the ECR Group, Bruno Gollnisch, Non-attached Member,
Ria Oomen-Ruijten, Knut Fleckenstein, Jacek Protasiewicz and Michael
Gahler.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Diana WALLIS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Tunne Kelam,
Graham Watson, Heidi Hautala, Jaroslav Pa?ka and Indrek Tarand, who put a
blue-card question to Knut Fleckenstein, who answered it.

The following spoke: Enik? Gy?ri.

Motions for resolutions to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 110(2):
- Heidi Hautala, Werner Schulz, Bart Staes and Indrek Tarand, on behalf of
the Verts/ALE Group, on the rule of law in Russia (B7-0101/2011);

- Elmar Brok, Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Laima Liucija
Andrikien?, Arnaud Danjean, Michael Gahler, Andrzej Grzyb, Filip Kaczmarek,
Lena Kolarska-Bobi?ska, Krzysztof Lisek, Mario Mauro, Monica Luisa Macovei,
Ria Oomen-Ruijten, Alojz Peterle, Bernd Posselt, Cristian Dan Preda, Jacek
Protasiewicz, Gyrgy Schpflin, Traian Ungureanu, Inese Vaidere and Joachim
Zeller, on behalf of the PPE Group, on the rule of law in Russia (B7-
0108/2011);

- Kristiina Ojuland, Graham Watson, Marietje Schaake, Leonidas Donskis and
Ramon Tremosa i Balcells, on behalf of the ALDE Group, on the rule of law
in Russia (B7-0110/2011);

- Eva-Britt Svensson, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the rule of law in
Russia (B7-0111/2011);

- Charles Tannock, Micha? Tomasz Kami?ski, Ryszard Antoni Legutko, Marek
Henryk Migalski, Jacek Olgierd Kurski, Tomasz Piotr Por?ba, Zbigniew
Ziobro, Ryszard Czarnecki, Konrad Szyma?ski, Adam Bielan, Roberts Z?le,
Jacek W?osowicz, Tadeusz Cyma?ski, Miros?aw Piotrowski and Pawe? Robert
Kowal, on behalf of the ECR Group, on the rule of law in Russia (B7-
0113/2011).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 17.2.2011, item 6.6.


         (The sitting was suspended at 11.45 and resumed at 12.00.)

                       IN THE CHAIR: Roberta ANGELILLI
                               Vice-President


