18. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0009/2011).

Question 18 (Gilles Pargneaux): Marketing ban on the drug 'Mdiator'.

John Dalli (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Gilles Pargneaux and Marc Tarabella.

Question 19 (Ivo Belet): Sale of iPad subscriptions by Apple.

Andris Piebalgs (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Ivo Belet and Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke.

Question 20 (Laima Liucija Andrikien?): Protection of investments in the
context of EU-Russia negotiations on the new partnership and cooperation
agreement.

Andris Piebalgs answered the question and a supplementary by Laima Liucija
Andrikien?.

Question 21 (Anne E. Jensen): EU support for the Global Fund to fight Aids,
Tuberculosis and Malaria.

Andris Piebalgs answered the question and supplementaries by Anne E.
Jensen, Michael Cashman and Georgios Papanikolaou.

Question 22 (Jim Higgins): The CE mark.

Antonio Tajani (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Jim Higgins and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.

Question 23 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Uneven environment for growth and
development in Member States.
Question 24 (Brian Crowley): Small to medium-sized enterprises.
Question 25 (Marian Harkin): Entrepreneurship in countries implementing
austerity measures.

Antonio Tajani answered the questions and supplementaries by Georgios
Papanikolaou, Brian Crowley and Marian Harkin.

Question 30 (Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?): Commission's equal opportunities
strategy.

Maro? ?ef?ovi? (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Vilija Blinkevi?i?t? and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u.
Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

The following spoke: Sen Kelly on the way that Question Time was organised
(The President took note of his views).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.50 and resumed at 21.00.)

                         IN THE CHAIR: Lszl T?KS
                               Vice-President


