12. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B7-0236/2009).

Question 1 (Bernd Posselt): Ethnic minorities in Serbia.
Cecilia Malmstrm (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the
question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt and Franz Obermayr.


Question 2 (Marian Harkin): Unemployment levels.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Marian
Harkin, Andreas Mlzer and Paul Rbig.


Question 3 (Nikolaos Chountis): Negotiations for Turkey to take part in
joint Frontex operations.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Nikolaos
Chountis, Georgios Papanikolaou and Andreas Mlzer.


Question 4 (Sen Kelly): Climate negotiations in Copenhagen.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Sen Kelly.


Question 5 (Gay Mitchell): Climate change funding for the developing world.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the questions and a supplementary by Gay
Mitchell.


Question 6 (dm Ksa): Proposal for a Council directive on implementing
the principle of equal treatment for persons irrespective of religion or
belief, disability, age or sexual orientation.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the questions and a supplementary by dm Ksa.


Question 7 (Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?): Safeguarding the rights of disabled
people.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and supplementaries by Vilija
Blinkevi?i?t?, Christa Kla and Mairead McGuinness.


Questions 8 and 9 were withdrawn.


Question 10 would not be taken as the subject to which it referred was
already on the agenda of the part-session.

Question 11 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 12 (Charalampos Aggourakis): Appalling murders of poor Peruvian
farmers for profit.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Charalampos
Aggourakis.


Question 13 (Ryszard Czarnecki): Discrimination against the Polish minority
in Lithuania.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Ryszard
Czarnecki.


Question 14 (Brian Crowley): Persecution of Buddhist monks and nuns in
Vietnam.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question. Pat the Cope Gallagher (deputising
for the author) spoke.

Question 15 (Pat the Cope Gallagher): Iceland's application to join the
European Union.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Pat the Cope
Gallagher.

Question 16 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 17 (Mairead McGuinness): Biodegradable waste.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Mairead
McGuinness.


Question 18 (Hans-Peter Martin): Successes by the Swedish Council
Presidency in matters of transparency.
Cecilia Malmstrm answered the question and a supplementary by Hans-Peter
Martin.


Question 19 was inadmissible.




Council Question Time closed.

