19.00.

The vote would be held on Thursday 21 February 2008.

Thursday

- As the requests for debate on the report by Umberto Guidoni (A6-
0005/2008) (item 6 of the final draft agenda) had been withdrawn, the
report would be taken during the following day's vote, in line with the
procedure laid down in Rule 131.

                                      
                                      

- The sitting would be suspended at 20.30 and not at 20.00.

The order of business was thus established.

The following spoke: Daniel Hannan, on the interpretation of Rule 19(1)
provided by the AFCO Committee (minutes of 30.01.2008, item 12), of which
he called into question the legality (the President replied that he had
decided to refer the question to the AFCO Committee in order not to have to
rule on the matter himself but to take the most democratic option).


14. Situation in Iran (debate)

Statements by the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security
Policy and by the Commission: Situation in Iran

Javier Solana (High Representative for the CFSP) and Benita Ferrero-Waldner
(Member of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Michael Gahler, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Hannes
Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group, Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, Konrad Szyma?ski, on behalf of the UEN Group, Angelika
Beer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Tobias Pflger, on behalf of the
GUE/NGL Group, Bastiaan Belder, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, and Philip
Claeys, Non-attached Member.


15. Welcome

On behalf of Parliament, the President welcomed members of a delegation
from European Affairs Committee of the Polish Parliament - led by Andrzej
Grzyb - who had taken their seats in the distinguished visitors' gallery.


16. Situation in Iran (continuation of debate)

Statements by the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security
Policy and by the Commission: Situation in Iran

The following spoke: Javier Solana (High Representative for CFSP), Jos
Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Lilli Gruber, Nicholson of Winterbourne,
Romano Maria La Russa, Gerard Batten, Luca Romagnoli, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski,
Libor Rou?ek, Struan Stevenson and Helmut Kuhne.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Miroslav
Mikol?ik, Ana Maria Gomes, Janusz Onyszkiewicz, Marie Anne Isler Bguin,
Erik Meijer, Vytautas Landsbergis, Miloslav Ransdorf and Charles Tannock.

The following spoke: Benita Ferrero-Waldner (Member of the Commission) and
Javier Solana.

Motions for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled pursuant to Rule
103(2):
- Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck and Marco Cappato, on behalf of the ALDE Group,
on Iran (B6-0046/2008);

- Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Michael Gahler and Struan
Stevenson, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on Iran (B6-0047/2008);

- Pasqualina Napoletano, Christa Prets, Libor Rou?ek and Vicente Miguel
Garcs Ramn, on behalf of the PSE Group, on Iran (B6-0048/2008);

- Angelika Beer, Monica Frassoni, Hlne Flautre and Cem zdemir, on behalf
of the Verts/ALE Group, on Iran (B6-0049/2008);

- Tobias Pflger and Vittorio Agnoletto, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on
Iran (B6-0054/2008);

- Romano Maria La Russa, Konrad Szyma?ski and Adam Bielan, on behalf of the
UEN Group, on Iran (B6-0057/2008).

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 31.01.2008, item 8.8.

17. Situation in Gaza (debate)

Statements by the High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security
Policy and by the Commission: Situation in Gaza

Javier Solana (High Representative for the CFSP) and Benita Ferrero-Waldner
(Member of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, on behalf of
the PPE-DE Group.

                          IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Vronique De Keyser, on behalf of the PSE Group, Chris
Davies, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the
Verts/ALE Group, and Francis Wurtz, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Charles Tannock,
Ioan Mircea Pa?cu, David Hammerstein, Luisa Morgantini, Reinhard Rack,
Frieda Brepoels, Bairbre de Brn, Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou and Kyriacos
Triantaphyllides.

The following spoke: Benita Ferrero-Waldner and Javier Solana.

As the motions for a resolution tabled were not yet available, they would
be announced in the House at a later time.

The debate closed.

Vote: 21.02.2008.

18. US anti-missile defence system (debate)

Council and Commission statements: US anti-missile defence system

Janez Lenar?i? (President-in-Office of the Council) and Benita Ferrero-
Waldner (Member of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Karl von Wogau, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Jan
Marinus Wiersma, on behalf of the PSE Group, Anneli Jtteenmki, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, ?irts Valdis Kristovskis, on behalf of the UEN Group,
Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, and Vladimr Remek,
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Jana Hyb?kov,
Libor Rou?ek, Janusz Onyszkiewicz, Milan Hor?ek, Tobias Pflger, Jan
Zahradil, Old?ich Vlask, Miloslav Ransdorf and Urszula Gacek.

The following spoke: Janez Lenar?i?.

The debate closed.


