19.00.

Question 1 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Provision of services and
freedom of movement for families with children.
Paula Lehtomki (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the question
and supplementaries by Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou and Jrg Leichtfried.


Question 2 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Reinforcement of FRONTEX.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina
Ortega, Hubert Pirker and Sarah Ludford.


Question 3 (Sarah Ludford): Sharing information on convicted paedophiles.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Sarah Ludford,
Manuel Antnio dos Santos and James Hugh Allister.

Question 4 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 5 (Liam Aylward): Aviation sector.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Liam Aylward,
Danut? Budreikait? and Jrg Leichtfried.


Question 6 (Sen  Neachtain): The status of the Irish language.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Sen 
Neachtain and Justas Vincas Paleckis.


Question 7 (Johan Van Hecke): Tightening up of press censorship in China.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and a supplementary by Johan Van
Hecke.


Question 8 (Brian Crowley): EU Fundamental Rights Agency.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Brian Crowley
and Richard Corbett.


Question 9 (Eoin Ryan): EU- Iranian relations.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and a supplementary by Eoin Ryan.


Question 10 (Sajjad Karim): EU facilitation for trade as a confidence-
building measure between India and Pakistan.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Sajjad Karim
and Justas Vincas Paleckis.


Question 11 (Jacek Protasiewicz): Labour camps and violation of workers'
rights.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Jacek
Protasiewicz and Danut? Budreikait?.


The following spoke: Bernd Posselt, who expressed his disappointment that
Question Time had been cut short by 30 minutes and called on the Council to
stay until 19.30 (the President replied that a decision on the matter had
been taken (see Minutes of 23.10.2006, Item 13) and pointed out that she
too wished that the time set aside for Question Time would be kept to more
often).

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.05 and resumed at 21.00.)

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President


15. Nairobi Conference on Climate Change (debate)

Oral question (O-0100/2006) by Karl-Heinz Florenz, on behalf of the ENVI
Committee, to the Commission: Commission's strategy for the Nairobi
Conference on Climate Change (COP 12 and COP/MOP 2) (B6-0440/2006)

Stavros Dimas (Member of the Commission) answered the oral question.

The following spoke: Avril Doyle, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Dorette
Corbey, on behalf of the PSE Group, Chris Davies, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Satu Hassi, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Johannes Blokland, on
behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Eija-Riitta Korhola, Marios Matsakis and
Stavros Dimas.

Motion for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled pursuant to Rule
108(5):
- Karl-Heinz Florenz, on behalf of the ENVI Committee, on the EU strategy
for the Nairobi Conference on Climate Change (COP 12 and COP/MOP 2) (B6-
0543/2006)

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 26.10.2006, Item 6.11.

16. Inland waterway transport (debate)

Report on the promotion of inland waterway transport: NAIADES, an
integrated European Action Programme for inland waterway transport
[2006/2085(INI)] - Committee on Transport and Tourism. Rapporteur: Corien
Wortmann-Kool (A6-0299/2006)

Corien Wortmann-Kool introduced the report.

Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission) spoke.

The following spoke: Etelka Barsi-Pataky, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group,
Ins Ayala Sender, on behalf of the PSE Group, Eva Lichtenberger, on behalf
of the Verts/ALE Group, Erik Meijer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group,
Johannes Blokland, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Stanis?aw Ja?owiecki,
Reinhard Rack, Renate Sommer and Jacques Barrot.

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 26.10.2006, Item 6.12.

17. Public-private partnerships (debate)

Report on public-private partnerships and Community law on public
procurement and concessions [2006/2043(INI)] - Committee on the Internal
Market and Consumer Protection. Rapporteur: Barbara Weiler (A6-0363/2006)

Barbara Weiler introduced the report.

Jacques Barrot (Vice-President of the Commission) spoke.

Werner Langen (draftsman of the opinion of the ECON Committee) spoke.

                        IN THE CHAIR: Luigi COCILOVO
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Paolo Costa (draftsman of the opinion of the TRAN
Committee), Gra?yna Staniszewska (draftsman of the opinion of the REGI
Committee), Charlotte Cederschild, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Gilles
Savary, on behalf of the PSE Group, Alexander Lambsdorff, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Heide Rhle, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Zita Ple?tinsk,
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Evelyne Gebhardt, Ieke van den Burg, Donata
Gottardi, Bernadette Vergnaud, Jacques Barrot.

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 26.10.2006, Item 6.13.

