14. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0437/2006).

The President reminded the House that Council Question Time would end at
19.00.

Question 1 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Provision of services and
freedom of movement for families with children.
Paula Lehtomki (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the question
and supplementaries by Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou and Jrg Leichtfried.


Question 2 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Reinforcement of FRONTEX.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina
Ortega, Hubert Pirker and Sarah Ludford.


Question 3 (Sarah Ludford): Sharing information on convicted paedophiles.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Sarah Ludford,
Manuel Antnio dos Santos and James Hugh Allister.

Question 4 lapsed as its author was absent.


Question 5 (Liam Aylward): Aviation sector.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Liam Aylward,
Danut? Budreikait? and Jrg Leichtfried.


Question 6 (Sen  Neachtain): The status of the Irish language.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Sen 
Neachtain and Justas Vincas Paleckis.


Question 7 (Johan Van Hecke): Tightening up of press censorship in China.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and a supplementary by Johan Van
Hecke.


Question 8 (Brian Crowley): EU Fundamental Rights Agency.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Brian Crowley
and Richard Corbett.


Question 9 (Eoin Ryan): EU- Iranian relations.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and a supplementary by Eoin Ryan.


Question 10 (Sajjad Karim): EU facilitation for trade as a confidence-
building measure between India and Pakistan.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Sajjad Karim
and Justas Vincas Paleckis.


Question 11 (Jacek Protasiewicz): Labour camps and violation of workers'
rights.
Paula Lehtomki answered the question and supplementaries by Jacek
Protasiewicz and Danut? Budreikait?.


The following spoke: Bernd Posselt, who expressed his disappointment that
Question Time had been cut short by 30 minutes and called on the Council to
stay until 19.30 (the President replied that a decision on the matter had
been taken (see Minutes of 23.10.2006, Item 13) and pointed out that she
too wished that the time set aside for Question Time would be kept to more
often).

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.05 and resumed at 21.00.)

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President


