18.00.

The debate closed.

Vote: Minutes of 13.12. 2006, Item 8.14

  (The sitting was suspended at 18.10 pending Question Time and resumed at
                                   18.30.)

                    IN THE CHAIR: Sylvia-Yvonne KAUFMANN
                               Vice-President


16. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0445/2006).

The President announced that the order in which the Commissioners would
take the floor during the second part of Question Time be changed as
follows. She added that the questioners concerned had been informed.
Lszl Kovcs would answer questions 41 and 42, Neelie Kroes questions 43
to 47 and Louis Michel questions 32 to 40.
Part one
Question 30 (Manolis Mavrommatis): European universities.
Jn Fige? (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Manolis Mavrommatis and Reinhard Rack.

Question 31 (Chris Davies): CO2 emissions from new motor vehicles.
Gnter Verheugen (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question
and supplementaries by Chris Davies, Reinhard Rack and Jrg Leichtfried.

Part two
Question 41 (Bernd Posselt): Tax on beer.
Question 42 (Justas Vincas Paleckis): Method used to calculate an increase
in rates of excise duty on alcohol.
Lszl Kovcs (Member of the Commission) answered the questions and
supplementaries by Bernd Posselt, Danut? Budreikait?, Justas Vincas
Paleckis, Andreas Mlzer and Richard Corbett.

Question 43 (Georgios Papastamkos): Decentralised system for competition
law.
Neelie Kroes (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papastamkos, Richard Corbett and Katerina
Batzeli.

Question 44 (Ruth Hieronymi): Support for film productions through tax
breaks in the United Kingdom.
Neelie Kroes answered the question and a supplementary by Ruth Hieronymi.

Questions 45 to 47 would receive written answers.

Question 32 (Claude Moraes): HIV/AIDS prevention and treatment in South
Africa.
Louis Michel (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Claude Moraes and Danut? Budreikait?.

Question 33 (Manuel Medina Ortega): Immigration: support for repatriated
immigrants.
Louis Michel answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel Medina
Ortega, Glyn Ford and Jrg Leichtfried.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.50 and resumed at 21.00.)

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President


