3 5.3. Draft general budget of the European Union for the financial year
2010 as modified by the Council (vote)

Draft amendments to the draft general budget of the European Union for the
financial year 2010 as modified by the Council (all sections)

(Qualified majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 3)

The amendments adopted appear in an annex to the Texts Adopted.

Before the vote, Lszl Surjn (rapporteur) made a brief statement and
Vladimr Ma?ka spoke on the voting procedure.

Hans Lindblad (President-in-Office of the Council) made the following
statement:

'The Council notes with satisfaction that Parliament has confirmed the
agreement we reached at our conciliation meeting of 18 November 2009. We
consider that Parliament's second reading, together with the outcome of the
Council's second reading, can be considered as forming a joint text by the
two branches of the budgetary authority, in accordance with the new Article
314 of the Treaty of Lisbon.

The Coucil accepts this joint text. It therefore falls to the President of
the European Parliament to declare that the budget has been definitively
adopted. The Council considers, however, that, once the President has
declared the budget definitively adopted, it should be signed by both
parties, in accordance with the new Treaty.

The Council regrets that this position has not been taken into
consideration. That being said, we do not in any way question the outcome
of our agreement. We hope, nevetherless, that the matter can be examined
before the next budgetary procedure.

Finally, I should like to thank the Chair of the Committee on Budgets Alain
Lamassoure and the rapporteurs Lszl Surjn, Vladimr Ma?ka and Jutta Haug
for their constructive attitude throughout this procedure, which highlights
the very good cooperation we have achieved.'

The President took note and made the following statement:

'The budgetary procedure for 2010 has been exceptional. It started under
Article 272 of the EC Treaty, but its last stage has been conducted when
the Treaty of Lisbon entered into force.

On 18 November 2009, Parliament, Council and Commission therefore agreed  to
continue the budgetary procedure under the EC Treaty, but  also  reached  an
agreement  covering  the  outcome  of  the  budgetary  procedure,  including
Parliament's vote, which took place  in  full  respect  of  the  Multiannual
Financial Framework.



The President of the Council just confirmed the agreement of the Council  on
the budget we just  voted.  This  means  that  Parliament  and  Council  now
reached an agreement on a joint text, respecting  the  aim  and  purpose  of
Article 314 TFEU.



I thus note that the budgetary procedure,  that  has  been  initiated  under
Article 272 of the Treaty establishing the European Community and  continued
under Article 314 of the Treaty on the Functioning of  the  European  Union,
has been completed in accordance with the Article 314 of the Treaty  on  the
Functioning of the European Union and the Multiannual Financial Framework.



The budgetary procedure can thus be deemed to be completed  and  the  budget
is declared definitively adopted'.



The President invited Hans Lindblad, Algirdas ?emeta (Member of the
Commission), Alain Lamassoure (Chair of the BUDG Committee), and the
rapporteurs Lszl Surjn and Vladimr Ma?ka to join him.

The President signed the budget.

