17. Implementation of the EU strategy for the Danube region (debate)

Oral question (O-0029/2011) by Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Constanze Angela
Krehl, Hannes Swoboda, Adrian Severin, Ivailo Kalfin, Karin Kadenbach, Olga
Sehnalov, Rovana Plumb, Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, Evgeni Kirilov, Katarna
Neve?alov, Vasilica Viorica D?ncil?, Daciana Octavia Srbu, Ioan Mircea
Pa?cu, George Sabin Cuta?, Britta Thomsen, Corina Cre?u, Claudiu Ciprian
T?n?sescu, Ioan Enciu, C?t?lin Sorin Ivan, Mario Pirillo, Kinga Gncz, Marc
Tarabella, Franoise Castex, Victor Bo?tinaru, Ins Ayala Sender, Bogus?aw
Liberadzki, Jo Leinen, Michael Cashman, Brian Simpson, Sad El Khadraoui,
Thijs Berman, Eider Gardiazbal Rubial, Ismail Ertug, Edit Herczog, on
behalf of the S&D Group, Michael Theurer, Vladko Todorov Panayotov, Renate
Weber, Sophia in 't Veld, Jan Mulder, Gesine Meissner, Jorgo
Chatzimarkakis, Catherine Bearder, Viktor Uspaskich, Wolf Klinz, Nadja
Hirsch, Cristian Silviu Bu?oi, Giommaria Uggias, Ramona Nicole M?nescu,
Adina-Ioana V?lean, Hannu Takkula, Jrgen Creutzmann, Alexander Alvaro,
Holger Krahmer, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Reinhard Btikofer, Michael
Cramer, Eva Lichtenberger, Barbara Lochbihler, Heide Rhle, Elisabeth
Schroedter, Isabelle Durant, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Peter van
Dalen and Old?ich Vlask, on behalf of the ECR Group, to the Commission:
Implementation of the EU Strategy for the Danube Region (B7-0013/2011)

Oral question (O-0014/2011) by Tams Deutsch, Lambert van Nistelrooij,
Danuta Maria Hbner, Marian-Jean Marinescu, Iosif Matula, Andrey Kovatchev,
Jnos der, Zoltn Bag, Kinga Gl, Bla Glattfelder, Andrs Gyrk, gnes
Hankiss, Lvia Jrka, dm Ksa, Csaba ?ry, Ildik Gll-Pelcz, Gyrgy
Schpflin, Lszl Surjn, Jzsef Szjer, Edit Bauer, Alajos Mszros, Csaba
Sgor, Lszl T?ks, Iuliu Winkler and Elisabeth Jeggle, on behalf of the
PPE Group, to the Commission: EU Strategy for the Danube Region (B7-
0011/2011)

Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u, Ramona Nicole M?nescu, Elisabeth Schroedter and
Old?ich Vlask moved the oral question B7-0013/2011.

Tams Deutsch moved the oral question B7-0011/2011.

Johannes Hahn (Member of the Commission) answered the oral questions.

The following spoke: Marian-Jean Marinescu, on behalf of the PPE Group,
Csaba Sndor Tabajdi, on behalf of the S&D Group, Filiz Hakaeva Hyusmenova,
on behalf of the ALDE Group, Barbara Lochbihler, on behalf of the Verts/ALE
Group, Jaroslav Pa?ka, on behalf of the EFD Group, Lambert van Nistelrooij,
Evgeni Kirilov, Olga Sehnalov, Karin Kadenbach and Ivailo Kalfin.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Miroslav
Mikol?ik, George Sabin Cuta?, Franz Obermayr, Alajos Mszros and Vasilica
Viorica D?ncil?.

The following spoke: Johannes Hahn.

The motions for resolutions to be tabled under Rule 115(5) would be
announced in the House at a later time.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 17.2.2011, item 6.5.

