15. Israel's participation in Community programmes *** - Israel's
participation in Community programmes (debate)

Report: on the proposal for a Council decision on the conclusion of a
Protocol to the Euro Mediterranean Agreement establishing an association
between the European Communities and their Member States, of the one part,
and the State of Israel, of the other part, on a Framework Agreement
between the European Community and the State of Israel on the general
principles governing the State of Israel's participation in Community
programmes [05471/2008 - C6-0180/2008 - 2007/0241(AVC)] - Committee on
Foreign Affairs. Rapporteur: Vronique De Keyser (A6-0436/2008)

Council and Commission statements: Israel's participation in Community
programmes

Vronique De Keyser introduced the report.

Jean-Pierre Jouyet (President-in-Office of the Council) and Gnter
Verheugen (Vice-President of the Commission) made the statements.

The following spoke: Jana Hyb?kov, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Hannes
Swoboda, on behalf of the PSE Group, Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck, on behalf
of the ALDE Group, David Hammerstein, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
Luisa Morgantini, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, Bastiaan Belder, on
behalf of the IND/DEM Group, and Luca Romagnoli, Non-attached Member.

                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Pasqualina Napoletano, Ioannis Kasoulides, Proinsias
De Rossa, Elmar Brok and Zbigniew Zaleski.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Charles Tannock,
Jim Allister, Proinsias De Rossa and Hannes Swoboda.

The following spoke: Jean-Pierre Jouyet, Gnter Verheugen and Vronique De
Keyser.

Motion for a resolution to wind up the debate tabled under Rule 103(2):
- Vronique De Keyser, on behalf of the AFET Committee, on the conclusion
of a protocol to the Euro-Mediterranean Agreement establishing an
association between the European Communities and their States, of the one
part, and the State of Israel, of the other part, on a framework Agreement
between the European Community and the State of Israel on the general
principles governing the State of Israel's participation in Community
programmes (B6-0616/2008).

The debate closed.

Vote: subsequent part-session.


