19. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B6-
0013/2008).

The following spoke: Marian Harkin on the organisation of Question Time

Part one
Question 32 (Stavros Arnaoutakis): Negative impact on business of the
international credit crisis.
Joaqun Almunia (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Stavros Arnaoutakis and Danut? Budreikait?.

Question 33 (Manolis Mavrommatis): Legal downloads of songs from the
Internet.
Jn Fige? (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Manolis Mavrommatis and Josu Ortuondo Larrea.

Question 34 (Avril Doyle): Carbon tariffs on imports?.
Stavros Dimas (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Avril Doyle, Lambert van Nistelrooij and Marian Harkin.

Part two
Question 35 (Colm Burke): Intercultural dialogue in EU.
Jn Fige? answered the question and supplementaries by Colm Burke, Avril
Doyle and Marian Harkin.

Question 36 lapsed as its author was absent.

Question 37 (Bernd Posselt): German-Czech-Austrian cultural cooperation.
Jn Fige? answered the question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt,
Justas Vincas Paleckis and Reinhard Rack.

Questions 38 to 40 would receive written answers.

The following spoke: Jim Higgins on the conduct of Question Time.

Question 41 (Georgios Papastamkos): Settlement of dispute between the EU
and the USA concerning GMOs in the World Trade Organisation.
Peter Mandelson (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Georgios Papastamkos and Mairead McGuinness.

Question 42 (Bart Staes): In-depth evaluation of Economic Partnership
Agreements.
Question 43 (Thijs Berman): Economic Partnership Agreements.
Question 44 (Claude Moraes): Impact measurement of Economic Partnership
Agreements.
Question 45 (David Martin): EPAs.
Question 46 (Sarah Ludford): Economic Partnership Agreements.
Question 47 (Hlne Goudin): Partnership agreements with developing
countries.
Peter Mandelson answered the questions and supplementaries by Bart Staes,
Glenis Willmott, David Martin, Sarah Ludford and Paul Rbig.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 19.50 and resumed at 21.00.)

                          IN THE CHAIR: Mario MAURO
                               Vice-President


