14. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0552/2010).

Question 18 (Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou): Basel III criteria and European
banks.
Michel Barnier (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou, Paul Rbig and Janusz
W?adys?aw Zemke.

Question 19 (Enrique Guerrero Salom): EU-Africa summit/food security.
Andris Piebalgs (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Enrique Guerrero Salom, Georgios Papanikolaou and Marc
Tarabella.

Question 20 (Marc Tarabella): Ensuring respect for air and rail passengers'
rights.
Siim Kallas (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Marc Tarabella, dm Ksa and Justas Vincas Paleckis.

Question 21 (Marian Harkin): Directive 2002/15/EC.
Siim Kallas answered the question and a supplementary by Marian Harkin.

Question 22 (Georgios Koumoutsakos): Road safety 2011-2020 - special
measures for school buses and their drivers.
Question 23 (Jim Higgins): Road safety targets in the EU.
Siim Kallas answered the questions and supplementaries by Georgios
Koumoutsakos, Jim Higgins, Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u and Marian Harkin.

Question 24 (Justas Vincas Paleckis): Excess transport in the Baltic Sea.
Siim Kallas answered the question and a supplementary by Justas Vincas
Paleckis.

Question 31 (Georgios Papastamkos): CAP after 2013 - distribution of direct
aid.
Question 32 (Giovanni La Via): Measures to prevent soil erosion under the
CAP post-2013.
Question 33 (Nadezhda Neynsky): New framework for the EU common
agricultural policy 2014-2020.
Question 34 (Sandrine Blier): Taking account of biodiversity in the reform
of the CAP.
Question 35 (Janusz Wojciechowski): Fair distribution of CAP payments.
Dacian Ciolo? (Member of the Commission) answered the questions and
supplementaries by Georgios Papastamkos, Giovanni La Via and Nadezhda
Neynsky.

Question 36 (Karin Kadenbach): Common Agricultural Policy and cross-
compliance.
Dacian Ciolo? answered the question and supplementaries by Karin Kadenbach
and Mairead McGuinness.

Question 37 (Nikolaos Chountis): Assistance for Greek farmers and fishermen
from the guarantee fund for small and very small businesses.
Dacian Ciolo? answered the question and a supplementary by Nikolaos
Chountis.

Question 40 (Sen Kelly): Aquaculture in the EU.
Maria Damanaki (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Sen Kelly and Pat the Cope Gallagher.

Question 41 (Ioannis A. Tsoukalas): Use of European Fisheries Fund
resources.
Maria Damanaki answered the question and supplementaries by Ioannis A.
Tsoukalas and Sen Kelly.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.30 and resumed at 21.00.)



                       IN THE CHAIR: Roberta ANGELILLI
                               Vice-President




