14. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0168/2008).

Question 1 (Claude Moraes): Anti-discrimination horizontal directive.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the
question and supplementaries by Claude Moraes, Elizabeth Lynne and Jrg
Leichtfried.


Question 2 (Marian Harkin): French Presidency priorities.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Marian
Harkin.


Questions 3 and 4 were withdrawn.

Question 5 (Brian Crowley): Dissolution of the EU's 10% biofuel target.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Brian
Crowley, Josu Ortuondo Larrea and Mairead McGuinness.


Question 6 (Liam Aylward): MDG 2 and ILO Conventions of Child Labour.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Liam
Aylward.


Question 7 (Sen  Neachtain): Establishment of asset recovery offices.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Sen 
Neachtain, Reinhard Rack and Avril Doyle.


Question 8 (Eoin Ryan): EU-wide rapid alert for child abduction.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Eoin Ryan,
Reinhard Rack and Christopher Heaton-Harris.


Question 9 (Manuel Medina Ortega): 'Wider neighbourhood' - related
projects.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and a supplementary by Manuel
Medina Ortega.


Question 10 (Robert Evans): Sri Lanka.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Robert
Evans and Avril Doyle.


Question 11 (Avril Doyle): Priorities of the Council on climate package.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Avril Doyle
and Robert Evans.

Questions 12 to 36 and 38 to 42 would receive written answers (see Annex to
the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Question 37 would not be taken as the subject to which it referred was
already on the agenda of the part-session.

Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.00 and resumed at 21.00.)

                   IN THE CHAIR: Rodi KRATSA-TSAGAROPOULOU
                               Vice-President


