1. A Council statement on the situation in Guinea would be placed on
Wednesday's agenda as the second item, following the Council and Commission
statements on the outcome of the referendum in Ireland (item 2 on the final
draft agenda).

2. Motions for resolution to wind up debate on passenger compensation in
the event of airline bankruptcy (item 12 on the final draft agenda): the
vote would take place during the October II part-session.

Parliament accepted these proposals.



                                      
                                      

Request by the PPE Group to withdraw from the agenda the item on freedom of
information in Italy (item 27 on the final draft agenda).

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE Group, who moved the
request, Francesco Enrico Speroni, on behalf of the EFD Group, and Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the S-D Group.

Parliament rejected the request by roll-call vote (268 in favour, 284
against, abstentions 18).

The item therefore remained on the agenda.

Request by the PPE Group that the debate on freedom of information in Italy
not be wound up with the tabling of motions for resolution.

The following spoke: Daniel Cohn-Bendit, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group,
against the request, and Mario Mauro, on behalf of the PPE Group, in favour
of the request.

Parliament rejected the request by roll-call vote (286 in favour, 293
against, abstentions 18).

The debate would therefore be wound up by tabling motions for resolution,
which would be put to the vote during the next part-session.

The order of business was thus established.


13. Voting time

Details of voting (amendments, separate and split votes, etc.) appear in
the Results of Votes annex to the minutes.

The results of roll-call votes are available in electronic form only, as an
annex to the minutes, and can be accessed via Europarl.

1 13.1. Setting-up and definition of powers, composition and term of office
of the Special Committee on the Financial, Economic and Social Crisis
(vote)

Proposal for a decision tabled under Rule 184 by the Conference of
Presidents on setting up a special committee on the financial and economic
crisis, and its powers, numerical composition and term of office (B7-
0079/2009)

(Simple majority)

(Voting record: 'Results of votes', Item 1)

PROPOSAL FOR A DECISION

Adopted (P7_TA(2009)0025)

The following spoke on the vote:

Eva Joly, to move oral amendments to paragraph 1(a) and (b) (both
amendments were rejected as more than 40 Members objected).


14. Explanations of vote

Written explanations of vote:
Explanations of vote submitted in writing under Rule 170 appear in the
Verbatim Report of Proceedings for the sitting.


15. Corrections to votes and voting intentions

Corrections to votes and voting intentions appear on the 'Sance en direct'
website under 'Votes'/'Results of votes'/'Roll-call votes'. They are
published in hard copy in the Result of roll-call votes annex.
The electronic version on Europarl will be regularly updated for a maximum
of two weeks after the day of the vote concerned.
After the two-week deadline has passed, the list of corrections to votes
and voting intentions will be finalised so that it can be translated and
published in the Official Journal.

