17. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0019/2011).

The following spoke: Jrg Leichtfried on the way that Question Time was
organised (The President outlined the applicable procedure).

Question 15 (Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?): Framework directive on minimum income
in the EU.
Lszl Andor (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Vilija Blinkevi?i?t?.

Question 16 (Silvana Koch-Mehrin): Energy-saving light bulbs.
Gnther Oettinger (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Silvana Koch-Mehrin.

Question 17 (Claude Moraes): Victims' rights packages.
Viviane Reding (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and
a supplementary by Claude Moraes.

Question 18 (Marian Harkin): Commission proposals on a common consolidated
corporate tax base.
Algirdas ?emeta (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Marian Harkin.

Question 19 (Anne E. Jensen): VAT exemption for agricultural products in
Romania.
Algirdas ?emeta answered the question and a supplementary by Anne E.
Jensen.

The following spoke: Gay Mitchell on the conduct of Question Time.

Question 22 (Georgios Papanikolaou): Statement by the head of the OECD on
the possible restructuring of eurozone Member State debt and Commission's
standpoint.
Olli Rehn (Member of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Georgios Papanikolaou.

The following spoke: Jim Higgins, Gay Mitchell and Pat the Cope Gallagher
on the conduct of Question Time.

Question 31 (Bernd Posselt): External trade and the Eastern Partnership.
Algirdas ?emeta answered the question and a supplementary by Bernd Posselt.

The following spoke: Brian Crowley and Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u on the conduct
of Question Time.

Questions 27 and 35 were inadmissible.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

         (The sitting was suspended at 20.50 and resumed at 21.05.)



                        IN THE CHAIR: Isabelle DURANT
                               Vice-President




