14. Question Time (Commission)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Commission (B7-
0212/2009).

Question 21 (Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou): Women's participation in positions
of responsibility in the job market.
Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Rodi Kratsa-Tsagaropoulou, Jrg Leichtfried and Mairead
McGuinness.

Questions 22 and 23 lapsed as the questioners were absent.

Question 24 (Bernd Posselt): Language learning in border regions.
Leonard Orban (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Bernd Posselt, Janusz W?adys?aw Zemke and Paul Rbig.

Question 25 (Nikolaos Chountis): Commission negligence in investigation of
Siemens scandal.
Siim Kallas (Vice-President of the Commission) answered the question and a
supplementary by Nikolaos Chountis.

Question 26 (Gay Mitchell): Cigarette smuggling and revenue.
Siim Kallas answered the question and supplementaries by Gay Mitchell and
Paul Rbig.

Question 27 lapsed as its author was absent.

Question 28 (Maria Badia i Cutchet): Education under the new European
political strategy.
Maro? ?ef?ovi? (Member of the Commission) answered the question and
supplementaries by Maria Badia i Cutchet, Gay Mitchell and Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Question 29 (Silvia-Adriana ?ic?u): Measures to guarantee young people
access to quality education, to encourage and assist them to continue their
studies and to ease their entry onto the job market.
Maro? ?ef?ovi? answered the question and a supplementary by Silvia-Adriana
?ic?u.

Question 30 (Liam Aylward): Volunteerism in Sport.
Maro? ?ef?ovi? answered the question and supplementaries by Liam Aylward
and Marian Harkin.

Question 31 (Brian Crowley): White Paper on sport.
Maro? ?ef?ovi? answered the question and a supplementary by Brian Crowley.

Question 32 (Jelko Kacin): Difficulties of the Slovene theatre in Trieste.
Maro? ?ef?ovi? answered the question and a supplementary by Jelko Kacin.

Questions which had not been answered for lack of time would receive
written answers (see annex to the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).

Commission Question Time closed.

                      IN THE CHAIR: Alejo VIDAL-QUADRAS
                               Vice-President


