4. Social package (First part) (debate)

Council and Commission statements: Social package (First part)

Vladimr ?pidla (Member of the Commission) and Xavier Bertrand (President-
in-Office of the Council) made the statements.

The following spoke: Joseph Daul, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, Martin
Schulz, on behalf of the PSE Group, Graham Watson, on behalf of the ALDE
Group, Jan Tadeusz Masiel, on behalf of the UEN Group, Jean Lambert, on
behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Gabriele Zimmer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, Derek Roland Clark, on behalf of the IND/DEM Group, Carl Lang, Non-
attached Member, and Thomas Mann.

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Harlem Dsir, Bernard Lehideux, Ryszard Czarnecki,
Elisabeth Schroedter, Dimitrios Papadimoulis, Hanne Dahl, Andreas Mlzer,
Philip Bushill-Matthews, Magda Ksn Kovcs, Grard Deprez, Wojciech
Roszkowski, Tatjana ?danoka, Jacky Hnin, Nils Lundgren, Jana Bobo?kov,
Juan Andrs Naranjo Escobar, Stephen Hughes, Ona Juknevi?ien?, Ewa
Tomaszewska, Ilda Figueiredo, Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Alejandro
Cercas, Sophia in 't Veld, Kyriacos Triantaphyllides, Anja Weisgerber, Anne
Van Lancker, Elizabeth Lynne, Georgios Toussas, Manfred Weber and Andrzej
Jan Szejna.

                         IN THE CHAIR: Grard ONESTA
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Jean Marie Beaupuy, Peter Liese, Evangelia Tzampazi,
Viktria Mohcsi, Iva Zanicchi, Jan Cremers, Evelyne Gebhardt, Gabriela
Cre?u, Donata Gottardi, Richard Falbr and Karin Jns.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Monica Maria Iacob-
Ridzi, Proinsias De Rossa, Mieczys?aw Edmund Janowski, Maria Petre, Jan
Andersson and Richard Corbett.

The following spoke: Xavier Bertrand and Vladimr ?pidla.

As the motions for a resolution tabled were not yet available, they would
be announced in the House at a later time.

The debate closed.

Vote: next part-session.

   (The sitting was suspended at 11.40 pending voting time and resumed at
                                   12.00.)

                     IN THE CHAIR: Edward McMILLAN-SCOTT
                               Vice-President

The following spoke: Dimitar Stoyanov, who condemned the manner in which he
said he had been treated by the Bulgarian police on 30.07.2008, and called
on Parliament to take a position on the matter (the President replied that
the matter would be referred to the relevant quarters).






