12. Question Time (Council)

Parliament considered a number of questions to the Council (B6-0484/2008).

Question 1 (Bernd Posselt): Christians in Turkey: Mor Gabriel monastery.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet (President-in-Office of the Council) answered the
question and supplementaries by Bernd Posselt, Reinhard Rack and Jim
Allister.


Question 2 (Manuel Medina Ortega): New migratory pressures on Europe.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Manuel
Medina Ortega and Bernd Posselt.


Question 3 (Luis Yaez-Barnuevo Garca): Opening of dialogue in Cuba.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Antonio
Masip Hidalgo (deputising for the author), Zita Ple?tinsk and Bogus?aw
Sonik.

Question 4 (Robert Evans): Lessons from the financial crisis.
Question 5 (Mairead McGuinness): Member States' responses to international
financial crisis.
Question 6 (Gay Mitchell): EU response to the financial crisis.
Question 7 (Dimitrios Papadimoulis): Financial crisis and the Stability
Pact.
Question 8 (Laima Liucija Andrikien?): Eastern Europe's situation and
prospects in the context of the financial crisis.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the questions and supplementaries by Peter
Skinner (deputising for Robert Evans), Mairead McGuinness, Gay Mitchell,
Dimitrios Papadimoulis, Laima Liucija Andrikien?, Josu Ortuondo Larrea and
Avril Doyle.

Question 9 was not taken as its subject had been covered by a question put
to the Council during the October II part-session (minutes of 21.10.2008,
item 14).

Question 10 (Hlne Goudin): Political responsibility for abuses that occur
during EU military operations.
Question 11 (Hanne Dahl): Political responsibility for abuses that occur
during EU military operations.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the questions and supplementaries by Hlne
Goudin, Hanne Dahl, Paul Rbig and Mairead McGuinness.


Question 12 (Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou): Coordination of national
social security systems.
Jean-Pierre Jouyet answered the question and supplementaries by Marie
Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, Paul Rbig and Avril Doyle.


Questions 13 to 15 and 17 to 32 would receive written answers (see annex to
the Verbatim Report of Proceedings).
Council Question Time closed.
         (The sitting was suspended at 19.05 and resumed at 21.00.)

                   IN THE CHAIR: Manuel Antnio dos SANTOS
                               Vice-President


