12. Organisation and functioning of the European External Action Service* -
European External Action Service (debate)

Report on the proposal for a Council decision establishing the organisation
and functioning of the European External Action Service [08029/2010 - C7-
0090/2010- 2010/0816(NLE)] - Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
Rapporteur: Elmar Brok (A7-0228/2010)

Statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy: European External
Action Service

The following spoke: Elmar Brok and Guy Verhofstadt, who introduced the
report (A7-0228/2010).

Catherine Ashton (Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative
of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy) made the statement.

The following spoke: Maro? ?ef?ovi? (Vice-President of the Commission).

The following spoke: Filip Kaczmarek (rapporteur for the opinion of the
DEVE Committee), Ivo Strej?ek (deputising for the rapporteur for the
opinion of the INTA Committee), Roberto Gualtieri (rapporteur for the
opinion of the BUDG Committee), Ulrike Lunacek (rapporteur for the opinion
of the FEMM Committee), Ivailo Kalfin (rapporteur for the opinion of the
CONT Committee), Mario Mauro, on behalf of the PPE Group, Hannes Swoboda,
on behalf of the S&D Group, Alexander Graf Lambsdorff, on behalf of the
ALDE Group, Heidi Hautala, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Charles
Tannock, on behalf of the ECR Group, Willy Meyer, on behalf of the GUE/NGL
Group, David Campbell Bannerman, on behalf of the EFD Group, and Lucas
Hartong, Non-attached, Jos Ignacio Salafranca Snchez-Neyra, Adrian
Severin, Andrew Duff, Judith Sargentini, Ashley Fox, Bastiaan Belder,
Philip Claeys, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, Kristian Vigenin, Charles Goerens,
Miros?aw Piotrowski, Arnaud Danjean, Richard Howitt, Geoffrey Van Orden,
Daniel Caspary, Thijs Berman, Tomasz Piotr Por?ba, Ingeborg Grle,
Wolfgang Kreissl-Drfler, Andrzej Grzyb, Michael Gahler, Zuzana Roithov,
Pawe? Zalewski and Ria Oomen-Ruijten.

The following spoke under the 'catch-the-eye' procedure: Lena Kolarska-
Bobi?ska, Ioan Mircea Pa?cu, Ivo Vajgl, Antonio Lpez-Istriz White, Laima
Liucija Andrikien?, Ana Gomes, Marek Henryk Migalski, Andrew Henry William
Brons and Petru Constantin Luhan.

The following spoke: Catherine Ashton, Maro? ?ef?ovi?, Guy Verhofstadt and
Elmar Brok.

The debate closed.

Vote: minutes of 8.7.2010, item 6.2.
                         IN THE CHAIR: Lszl T?KS
                               Vice-President



